Updated the version number to 4.3.3.
Updated the version numbers
Updating to current online version
Split the call tree into two parts: - The tree shows the caller functions. Each caller function has a single node. - The list shows the calls to the function from the selected caller.
Fixed bug that made completing packages for project-defined classpath jars not work
Add logging around DB queries, to help improve performance. Allow deferred setting of file in Tag objects.
Fix jumping to tags in the caller tree.
fixed build-textArea ant target
Prevent warning in Ant 1.8
Some UI improvement - show calls in a table.
fixed indentation
Swept entries in CHNAGES.txt which are already released in 4.3.2. 
fix for bug #2999456  Removed the duplicated Architecture line from the Debian control file.
fixing unintentional project files changes and deactivated project specific inspections
Got rid of the file column in the calls table. Added tooltips to the caller tree.
Added ThreadUtilities.runInBackground(Task task) method Added some javadoc
fixed doc
added a few javadoc
If there is no active project when looking for callers, ask which Lucene index to use.
let trang see live buffer contents. useful for :  - translation  - completion info when the schema is open and modified in jEdit  fix CopyXPathTest (timing issue) 
removed unnecessary instanceof check and fixed a few coding style
replaced use of MiscUtilities.StandardUtilities() by StandardUtilities.StandardUtilities()
replaced use of MiscUtilities.StandardUtilities() by StandardUtilities.StandardUtilities()
make file copy cancellable
replaced the JList by a JTable and added a button to cancel a task
Small UI changes
fixed javadoc typo
Converted the IDEA project file to the new directory based format and added workspace.xml, inspectionProfiles/ and dictionaries/ to svn:ignore
Dropped misleading public specifier from classes which are said as "You should not use it directly." 
Use BIGINT as references to IDENTITY columns instead of INTEGER. This eliminates the need in casting to BIGINT, at least in h2.
Use simpler and faster code for finding subclasses.
Removed some remains of simplified key handling. 
Improved the SQL queries for current-project tags.
updated the TaskManager to maintain a task list
added a task count label and use the task list
removed unnecessary modifier
fix an issue when no namespace was given in DTD options 
- fix odd behaviour when calling xml-split-tag when caret is just after a tag - tests for TagParser and more 
fix typo in default visual mode
added entry for new threadpool
fixed encoding error
switched to Java 1.6
HelpViewer now uses same font as text area. (#3002186)   
Use TextArea font and size. Remove non-working font size actions/ menu items.  
HelpViewer font can be configured via Appearance Option Pane.  
Uses helpviewer.font if available, but defaults to view.font if not.  
Metal primary font is better to pick as default.. 
Updated changelog. 
Get rid of deprecation warnings.
An initial step in trying to switch from a relational DB to lucene.
made constructor protected since the class is abstract use of foreach syntax
- In the manage panel, when selecting a library, the description panel do    not contains "null" for every fields and the title is set to the jar name   instead of "null"
Changing from DTD to XSD. 
fix bug #1963667 - Angle brackets showing up in plugin descriptions in plugin m Sun's Java 5 library can't parse standalone xml-ish br tags, only plain html <br> tags 
updated for java 6
Merge Request # 3002873 
Fix Ant build to include lucene.
Some more adjustments to handle modes so user modes override standard modes without affecting the stand-alone textarea build.
Applied patch #3002514: Custom ctags search actions
Improve a query.
updated dependency against jEdit
updated hyperlinks dependency
Moved the changelog entry to the right version. 
Tagging 1.6 for release
removed bad tag. I'll re-tag it again soon.
s/primary/secondary  
Updated docs. 
Retagging 1.6 for release. 
Work on jsp beautification.  This works very well now: html and jsp tags are indented properly, jsp scriptlet code is untouched (as is javascript and css code). Adjusted the java parser so it can handle code fragments, like those found in jsp scriptlets.  My intent is to have the html beautifier delegate to the java beautifier for jsp scriptlet code, to a css beautifier for style blocks, and to a javascript beautifier for script blocks.
Better check to ensure Attribute has a value.
Don't change case of jsp tag names or attribute names, don't strip quotes from attribute values for jsp tags.
Applied patch 3004382 to fix selection highlight
Do not support a case-insensitive prefix search in the Quick Search Tag popup, as this is very inefficient. Making a case-sensitive prefix search enables the database to use the column index and is a lot faster (in my case, 4 seconds for case sensitive query instead of 56 seconds for case-insensitive query, which is unbearable).
More work for jsp beautifier.
Some more minor adjustments to jsp beautification.
Adjusted scrubber options to not remove quotes on attributes.
Initial version that uses Lucene instead of a relational DB. Some actions became obsolete (e.g. change DB settings).
Removed the relational DB code which is no longer needed.
Small fixes.
Got rid of the obsolete actions related to the relational DB. Made a fix bug fixes: - Notifying the index that an activity is started before parsing a tag file, and ended after. - Quick search popup should not use the _name field - keyword analyzer does not allow '*' in searches (e.g. tag* for a prefix query). - Made the quick search case insensitive. - Added some logging to see what queries are executed and measure their performance. - Added an action for debugging, that allows running a custom query and printing the results.
Updated Substance LAF to version 6.0.
Tagging for release.
Trying to update ClassBrowser to the new CtagsInterface version which uses Lucene instead of a relational DB.
Fixed an incorrect query.
Fixed tag index queries.
Updated for the new version of CtagsInterface, which uses Lucene to store the tag information.
enhance split/join tag a bit 
Added support for files that are shared by multiple origins.
If there are multiple classes with the same name as the one to show its hierarchy, let the user choose.
Add a simple query dialog for checking queries.
- CompletionInfo is filed by namespace instead of prefix in XmlParsedData - namespace info is retained in XmlTag and ElementDecl and AttributeDecl - XML Insert and Completion suggests the right prefix - locally defined elements don't override each over in XSD (see test_data/multiple_name) - fix plugin bug #3002849 XML 2.7: XSD completion is shallow  
Added the query dialog.
In the quick search tag popup, use case sensitive search for prefix. Configure the QueryParser to keep the query case (by default it lowercases everything with '*'). Get rid of compilation warnings.
Made some changes suggested by Kazutoshi.
Fixed a bug in the quick search tag query when global scope is requested.
Hopefully completed implementation of origin deletion. The documents from which the deleted origin is just removed should be updated in the index.
Removed parts of docs that refer to external databases, since it uses Lucene now. 
Use a table to show the query results (in the Query Dialog).
- added Url.xml mode (# 1991306 - Kevin Hunter)  
Disable sorting when running Ctags, to speed up tag file creation. Sorting is redundant as the tags are inserted to the Lucene index anyway.
Updated the TODO list.
Some code clean up.
Fixed issue where wrap markers were causing extra spaces to not be trimmed, so extra spaces would be inserted into argument lists.  I've removed all the wrap markers for now since the wrapping didn't work well anyway.
Added progress reporting while tagging.
Work on comment formatting.
Use better logging; the progress dialog now has a tab per task. Use a separate Runner and Parser for each task, to allow them to have task-specific state. Currently this is mostly important for logging.
Allow closing progress tabs using the middle button.
Adding a missing file.
Made the progress dockable a little more user friendly.
Adjustments to generic type argument formatting and array declaration formatting.
Use more localized loggers.
Bug fix when fetching the list of origins of a certain type.
Better handling of block comments.
Extracted KeyboardCommand enum from InstallPanel and ManagePanel to use the same
removed fromString() method from BufferSet.Scope enum since it is redundant with the valueOf() method
updated to use BufferSet.Scope.valueOf() method
Fix a bug when using the class-style of enum of the tag origins.
Got rid of all old database-related properties.
Fix members query: Add the "AND" only if the query is not empty.
Fix subclass query: Add the "AND" only if the query is not empty.
Fix the "Inherited members" list.
# 3008614  - 'dot.xml' mode file indent{Open,Close}Brackets wrong  

Moved to bug fixes. 
reviewed and accepted merge request #3002229 - Paste into Search and Replace dialog does not work on Mac 
Supplied an entry in CHANGES.txt for r16954 which was verified on SF.net bug #3006686, as a preparation of a merge request for 4.3.x.  I know this workaround is going to be removed since we dropped support of Java 5 at r17826. I expect that this entry will be removed at the same time of the removal of the workaround. 
Added an option to automatically close the progress tab when the tagging is over. The tab is closed after the tab is IDLE for 5 seconds.
Updated the changes.
Updated the user guide with the switch to Lucene. Replaced the term "tag database" with "tag index".
Updated dependency on CtagsInterface.
Adding missing </para> tag.
Updated the "Add source tree to index" from FSB context menu.
Renamed the origin id field in the origin doctype, so that it can use KeywordAnalyzer (since a field with the same name also exists in tag documents). Also fixed some queries.
Fixed the completion query.
Update some places with the new origin id field in origin documents.
Remove a redundant log message.
Added a note to the changes about the new options for dynamic queries, by Dion Amago.
Option for case-insensitive quick tag lookup (prefix/substring).
fix some whitespaces in CHANGES.txt
Add CHANGES.txt entry for r17797
In the quick search tag popup, when using case-insensitive search, use the name field rather than _name.
Removed the special code for a substring search. With Lucene (vs a relational DB), such queries should be fast, so there is no need to "prefetch" all matching tags.
Fixed an NPE.
Put the tag description of the selected tag from the completion popup below the list, and enable enough space to see all the information there.
Improve indentation settings of the shellscript edit mode and re-indent the current line before inserting a newline in insert-newline-indent action. (bug #3005463)
Fixed substring tag lookup.
In prefix/substring tag lookup, update the list when the "case-sensitive" option is changed.
reverted a partial fix for #2859229 XML: tag completion shouldn't occur inside tags it was too simplistic 
Added a testcase for slacker's docbook. XML 2.7 can parse it no problemo.  
Testcase that has entities declared with a DTD and also a schema in XSD. XML 2.7 can not currently parse this. Is it valid?  
fixed task monitor dockable panel title
updated the threadpool to 4 threads, and removed a stupid limitation of the tasks queue
Working on default beautifier and unit tests.  Not quite done, extra blank lines are getting inserted, see the test css file.
Added test.
made MirrorList fields private with getters
fix an exception that occurs silently when having no cache for xml mirrors
use the new threadpool to update mirror list instead of VFSManager, and fix several swing ui component update that were not done on EventQueue thread
updated the Index options to use Task manager instead of WorkThread
More work on default beautifier.
Put annotation on line above method declaration.
More work on default beautifier.
Don't put space between ResultType() and .class.
Added a keylistener to the search field and the search type textfields. 
removing exception treatment since they are not thrown anymore and use of Task instead of WorkThread
Missed this file.
Clarified API docs for dockablewindowmanager.closeListener. Added ESCAPE for keyhandler of the aboutdialog, to close.  
Removed aboutdialog patch. ESC is handled already but needs to be changed another way. 
removed properties from PluginManager that are not used anymore
fixed install and update panels display updated before plugin list was downloaded (because the new threadpool do not have the same constraints between EventQueue and workThread as the old threadpool)
use of SwingWorker.StateValue enum instead of our own redundant enum
fix a threading issue
Make sure jsp end tags are not converted to lower case.  Added unit test for this.
minor changes

Brought back plugin menu/action. 
Creating plugin packages branch. 
Initial upload. 
Initial upload. 
Added backwards-compatability fix

sorted methods order and fixed indentation
added missing explicit fold
update libraries
update checkstyle
several bugfixes
Added convenience method getText() as alias to getText(0, getLength())
Added MiscUtilities.md5() method for calculating md5sum of the string and as result Buffer.calculateHash() method refactored to avoid code duplications.	 
md5() method moved from MictUtilities to StandardUtilities (in according to Matthieu advise)



Define the end of an asset as the position of the first character following the asset (or the end of the buffer). Adjust the calls accordingly.
Use the right scope (as configured in the option panes) in all queries.
Fixing copy-paste error in StandardUtilities.
Fixed html parser to return asset end consistent with new change in Sidekick.
Adjusted asset end locations to comply with new end location definition in Sidekick.
Adjusted ecmascript parser to set asset ends to comply with new definition of "end" in SideKick.
Initial commit of css beautifer.  Parses, but it isn't pretty yet.
don't lose the comments
- Added @since tag to new param-less JEditBuffer.getText() method - Noted about this metod into API Changes secion of doc/CHANGES.txt 
Revert the re-indentation of the current line before inserting a newline in insert-newline-indent action for now.
Added a new, keyword-analyzed field, to tag documents - _nameLC - containing the lowercase tag name. Wildcard queries are not analyzed; therefore, substring/prefix searches (which make use of '*') cannot be applied correctly to the "name" field which is standard-analyzed.
Got rid of the redundant "name" field which was analyzed by the standard analyzer. The keyword-analyzed fields are sufficient for everything. Also no need to filter the results of the quick search tag query, since it is performed on the keyword fields and will be accurate.
Search Results dockable: Refresh the index list on addNotify. When using modern docking frameworks like MyDoggy, when another dockable is made active, the Search Results dockable may be removed from the GUI hierarchy - hence removeNotify is called and the dockable is removed from the edit bus. During this time, new Lucene indexes won't be registered in the dockable, and when it becomes visible again, it must refresh its list. This is not the optimal solution, but should work.
enable DTD for entities and Schema for validation 
implement same thing as r17875 for RelaxNG : - each element keeps a map of its element content to allow for   multiple local definitions of elements with the same name and   cross-namespace references 
merge request 3002686 - Fix library details on plugin manager https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3002686&group_id=588&atid=1235750 (merging 17836 in trunk) 
coding style
some namespace support
getNamespace now public
some fixes
added support for multiple namespaces in one file
Re-structuring plugin and template design for 1.2 release
LaTeX mode - code indentation (2872638 - Michael Schlotter) 
Re-structuring plugin and template design for 1.2 release
 Ruby mode - keyword highlighting bug fix ( # 2868654 - Suraj Kurapati) 
SLAX edit mode - #2883030  
Json edit mode ( # 2979745 - Dale Anson ) 
General fixing for CSS mode, comments work now.  Fixed error handling so user can actually see the error.  Other minor adjustments for CSS beautification.
Haskell edit mode rewrite ( # 2993269 - Stephen Blackheath)  
2988741 - Updates to pure edit mode.  
2969956 - PHP Smarty Templates Mode. 
Added haxe.xml and hxml mode files to support haXe language  Francois Rey, # 2922986) 
Added plaintex.xml mode file, for plain tex files. (# 2787012 - James Nicholl)  
Updated logtalk.xml file (# 2937909 - Paulo Moura)  
Added Go edit mode (#2898646 - Jim Lawton)  
nsis2.xml update (#2653404 Uwe donovaly)  
html.erb added to rhtml mode catalog entry. (# 2734062 Sergey Mezentsev)  
made the name final
fixed chapter indexes

added hyperlinks in index table
support for RFC-XXXX hyperlinks
better index matching
created a ReindexTask used globally
Class files should not be in subversion.
Updated for the latest CtagsInterface APIs.
doc update
removed debug lines
new folder for option panes
moved option panes to new directory
Adding docbook xml files so there's no need to download and install your own.
coding style
If the autoreload option of the buffer is modified, the value is not lost after saving the buffer #2999966  and fixed some changelog format according to what was said on the devel mailing list
Updated the version of MyDoggy to include a fix for a bug that caused MyDoggy to consume a lot of CPU for no reason.
Fixed caret going to the wrong position when adding explicit folds in a buffer that uses an edit mode that has no line comment (#2138160)
#3013717 - Don't save optionpanes unless they are displayed.  
Bumped version. 
Removed unused tag. 
changelog. 
Modifications to the plugin's toolbar, template actions, and templates.
Starting a real json parser.
Random updates.
Let the process fail if the needed configuration options are not set for building documentation. Currently if docbook.catalog or docbookx.dtd is not set, the docs are simply not build and if docbook.xsl is missing, the doc building fails with "error 5".
Overriding install.dir for default plugins when building for dist from jEdit build.xml to improve fresh checkout experience
Version is still 1.0.1. 
Tagging release 1.0.1 
Fixed caret going after the explicit folds when adding explicit folds   to the wrong position when adding explicit folds while having no   selection, in any edit mode
Moved option panes to separate directory.
json file parser.  The clean parser works perfectly.
no comment
Initial version of a Tag Browser dockable that provides a view on all tags in the index.
Added an option for case-insensitive sorting of the tags in the Tag Browser.
Adjusted parser and associated classes to not consume all vertical whitespace.  Now multiple blank lines are collapsed to a single blank line, which helps improve readability.
Example file for json file formatter.
Added TODO's.
Another TODO.
Renamed the global scope so it appears first when sorting by name.
Use the new Task interface.
applied patch #2820969 - SOCKS proxy accessing wrong property 
Added the tag browser dockable to the menu.
file transfer
1. Attempt to fix bug #1958462: redundant requests to index directories. Keep all tagging tasks in a hash, cancel a task if another tagging task is started on the same project / tree / archive. 2. Add the type of action to the list in the dynamic actions option pane. 3. Code style changes.
Updated the user guide with the new types of dynamic actions, and split long lines at boundary < 80.
Wording changes in tooltips. 
sas.xml update (#2926121 - goebbe)  
Changes to the toolbar system, as well as more template updates
CopyFileWorker now throws a FileNotFoundException instead of a NPE if the target doesn't exists
CopyFileWorker do not accept that the source and target are the same
CopyFileWorker now throws a FileNotFoundException instead of a NPE if the target path is not a directory and it's parent doesn't exists.
code cleanup and make research in background
Moved indenting from BeautyThread to DefaultBeautifier since it makes more sense for it to be there.
Fix 1958462: CtagsInterface: redundant requests to index directories. If the user requests to create an index of an origin that is already being tagged, cancel the current tag process and restart it.
added TODO
doc update
merged updated json_clean.jj into this file. Ready to add beautifier code.
json javacc files
Json parser/beautifier is working now.
doc update
Replaced with javacc parser.
Test files and actual beautifier for json files.
Adjusting test cases for json files.
.jj file for beanshell
bsh parser files
Removed workaround in drag & drop code of TextArea that doesn't seem   useful anymore on Ubuntu and cause exceptions when dropping a Transferable   that is not a String but has a java.io.InputStream as representation class
better namespace support
Clean bsh.jj compiles without error.
Json beautifier tests pass now.
Added target to copy static resources so they are available in the classpath for tests to use.
Better parser exception handling for html files.
Fixed problem with case sensitivity, upper case characters were not being allowed where they should have been.
Fix bug #2006501: CtagsInterface bug when nosettings.
Removed buffer read locking, it's not necessary since the buffer handles that on its own.
Preparation for an action to replace the built-in marker-related actions with those of MarkerSets.
tagging for release
Applied patch 3015232 from Damien for some code completion fixes.
When using the action to search the index, update the Lucene Search dockable with the text and file type.
Replace the action for replacing the built-in marker actions with MarkerSets with an option (in an option pane). Also allow replacing it back. The implementation is partial - currently only gutter right-click is changed.
Applied patch #3008954 from Bernhard Walle to allow mode selection based on an exact match of filename glob.
Updated entry for jedit-actions to include a file name glob, which takes advantage of patch #3008954 so these files are now set to the right edit mode automatically.
Bumped version number.
Tagging for release.
Clean bsh.jj, test build file.
Added toolbar to CSS sidekick for sorting by line or name and to toggle visibility of line numbers.  This fixes tracker #2988747.
A little better error handling for html files.
Deleted these generated files, they have the wrong names.
Implemented feature request #2868389 - replace built-in bookmarks with markersets plugin.
Completed beanshell beautifier.
Code clean up, added comments.
Removed debugging lines.
Added % as jsp scriptlet block start and end tag.
Implemented feature request #2934085: New Floating Instance. This adds a new context menu action to docked dockabled, "New floating instance", which creates a new instance of the dockable in floating mode.
Adding docbook required files.
updates to beanshell beautifier
Now can format java scriptlets in a jsp page using the html formatter.
Added a method to get the selection popup handler of the gutter.
 - Re-ask for connection details if no key-file exists  - Fixed problem with authentication on some sFTP servers (promptKeyboardInteractive method impelented) 
Minor code refactoring
Remove mode from modes list when a user mode has the same name, otherwise, getModes returns a list with duplicates.
Updated MyDoggy to get debug information when dragging to a split.
Adding separate documentation file containing instructions on how to build the jEdit documentation. Should make it easier to find.
Make the errors about missing properties in build.properties a little bit clearer and add a reference to build.properties.sample to those error messages. 
Committing 4.4 version
Fix Ant build syntax.
Switch to a newer version of MyDoggy.
Fix typo in build.xml 
Using catalog.xml file instead of old docbook.cat for catalogs file, since it is properly formed XML.  
doc updates. 
2956146 - updated docs for shipped macros. (Robert Schwenn)  
Removing empty actions.xml file as it causes exception when plugin starts up.
Doc updates. 
refactored MarkerSaveRequest as a Task instead of a WorkRequest
First cut at a real jsp parser, one that actually understands all the jsp syntax.
work on jsp parser
work on wrapping attributes
working on jsp.jj options
jsp parser delegates to css parser for <style> blocks.
removed use of a deprecated api and replaced keyStroke.isPhantom() by false since it is now always false
Allow plugins to specify the max number of results in a query.
Do not limit the number of tags that can come from a file to 1000.
Jsp beautifier is working well now, it handles style and script blocks as well as java scriptlet blocks.
Add build.nowarn ant property and fix some whitespace 
doc update
doc update
doc update
API doc changes. 
Update the SRC README to contain information about the properties you need to set to build the documentation 
Add example DocBook locations for Fedora Core
Undid fink changes, updated debian location, and checked cygwin.  
Clarified api docs. 
added TODO.
adjusting jsp.jj
Added tooltip for backup on every save. 
implementing Dale's HTML template in docbook 
support books as well as articles in users-guide.xsl 
Prefix spaces with backslash in query values.
working on handling vertical whitespace in jsp beautifier.
Updated SAS mode. # 3015899 
Documented scrolling changes # 2993213 
better test file for jsp
added TODO
More tuning of the jsp beautifier.
More adjusting on jsp beautifier.
Fixed an NPE
Adjustments for handling comments in jsp beautifier.
Fixed whitespace handling in jsp beautifier.   I've got to fix the build file so the generated files for the other parsers don't change every time.
Added an action to show only the actual references by skipping occurrences of the identifier in strings and comments.
Do not require the user to accept the license, it's just informational (fixes SF bug #1732278).
doc update
Added option pane for JSP.
latest files generated from javacc.
added TODO
Fixed DefaultBeautifier so it doesn't apply rules inside of comments.
Cleaning up TODOs.
Added TODO.
bumped required version for Common Controls
Tagging for release.
Fixed compilation and FindBugs warnings.
add FocusListener to ExBar
Added deprecation intentions. Eventually these classes should be no longer used in core.  
Updated readme for building documentation. 
Don't overwrite user properties when loading mode catalog.  This is a workaround for SF Bug 3023175. When first loading the mode catalog, do not overwrite the mode's properties in the user settings, so that the user's settings can correctly override the default properties in the catalog.
When the same tag belongs to multiple origins, displaying the tag in the tag list dockable would run an infinite loop.
If the name of the tag is one of the built-in query words (AND / OR / NOT), wrap it inside double-quotes.
Fixed a class cast exception.
Automatically jump to the first call when a call tree node is selected.
Some updates to completion
Added option for package-completion to insert an import statement rather than display available packages
Added option for package-completion to insert an import statement rather than display available packages
Re-structured templates and added configuration of projects through PV's project properties window
optimize completion lookup when :  - all namespace bindings are at top  - or there are no conflicts between elements of the same name in the same namespace (XSD only) 
new test case for RNG 
fix an issue where optional attributes were marked as required when declared in a define element and reused in an optional context 
disable the blue banner on legal para 
1. Fixed a bug in the project scope for tag lookup. (Lucene index related) 2. Refactored the tag list filter menu to a separate class. 3. Added a tag list filter menu also to the "quick search tag" window.
Optimization and code clean up.
Moved strings to properties file so they can be localized.
Removed reference to buffer.  It's not needed anymore.
Removed unused import and cleaned up comments.
Moved string property names to a Constants class for easier re-use.
Removing Actions.xml
Fixed class-cast exception in JavaSideKickPlugin.java
Re-tagging 3.0.0
Re-tagging 3.0.0
Added project beanshell dialog
Fixed javadoc warnings.
Fixed 'cannot find symbol' error
Added check for uninitialized project properties in Locator
added TODOs
Some adjustments for the jsp beautifier, added unit tests for the changes.
Some improvements to classpath-awareness
Updates to the project option panes and templates
Fix a Swing threading violation when selecting Help TOC nodes.
Added unit tests for java beautifier, adjusted java beautifier to pass the tests.
More updates to template structure
More unit tests and adjusting for java beautifier.
More testing and adjusting.
Updates to documentation and additional minor updates
1. Fixed a bug when combining several origins into a single Lucene query. 2. Added an option for "whole-word" match in the quick tag lookup dialog.
A couple more updates to documentation and minor changes
Minor updates to properties and description
Tagging 1.2
Tagging 1.2
Tagging 1.2
Tagging 1.2
Removing empty directories
Added settings dialog to activity log viewer to adjust colors and filter by message type.
Initial upload
Initial upload
Initial upload
Added missing dependency
Added description
Added File.toURI() patch to ensure cross-platform compatability
In the quick search tag dialog, if a single tag is found, dismiss the tag list when jumping to the single tag. Previously, the tag list remained visible.
Small update to package completion
Added missing import statement in jEdit Plugin template
Fixed typo in jEdit plugin template
Small fix to lib check
Fixed typo
Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in getClassForType()
Re-tagging 3.0.0 release
Re-tagging 3.0.0 release
Added a couple 'word break words'.
Adjusting handling of el expressions.
Added "focus on text area" action.
Fixing TODOs.
moved to lucene 3.0.2.
removed lucene 3.0.1
updated to build with Lucene 3.0.2 since LucenePlugin now uses Lucene 3.0.2
Fixed NPE when import paths doesn't exist
sync
updated for jEdit 4.3 final
sync
Updated jEdit dependency to 4.4
no comment
Update to clojure mode for more lisp-like behavior
Added quotes to 'cd' commands to support paths with whitespace for ant, make, and qmake.

Fix threading issues when using UI from macros.
Get rid of debug prints.
Fixing build.xml to work with release scripts.
Added some convenience macros.
Fixing build.xml to work with release scripts.
Fixed project class-cast exception
Fixed icon path bug in windows
sync
Added a separator to the end of the menu, to separate the new actions from the "Parsers" item.
Bumped version to 1.0
Added a section for 1.0 in changelog. 
Fixed GUIUtilities.confirm to always show the dialog in the EDT.
Initial upload
Initial upload
Initial upload
Tagging 0.1 release
Switching from CVS to SVN
Updated the CHANGES.txt with the fix in GUIUtilities.
Updated the build file and got rid of many compilation warnings.
Fix all compilation warnings.
Small improvement to the "Select action" dialog.
Added CSS3 last-child pseudo-class
Treat literals like comments, don't change them.
Fixed view issues, moved REPL's to their own shells, added ability to disable unused shells, and some refactoring
Break comma separated attributes in jsp directives.
Added tld, ant, and maven modes. See tracker 3016053, tracker 3016054, and tracker 3016057.
Updated javacc mode to better highlight keywords and regular expressions.
Applied (slightly modified) patch by Dion Amago: Allow jumping to selected item in Tag List dockable by pressing Enter.
Adjusted formatting only.
Fix for NPE for tracker 3038660.
Added TODO.
Fix for case where end of line comment preceded 'else'.  The 'else' was being appended to the comment rather than starting on a new line.
Initial import of a menu editor plugin. Not yet functional.
Removed binaries.
Some buttons implemented...
use the MenuEditor directly in the action.
Change the model; one of the panes shows the existing menus, the other should show all available (unused) actions.
Implemented the action side.
Tiny fixes.
changed the layout
highlight dialog now initialize with the word under the caret
Implemented removal of items.
A tiny fix.
Implemented the other buttons...
1. Fixed 'restore defaults'. 2. The right panel now shows all actions, not just those unused in menus. One may want the same action in two different menus. 
Ensure items remain selected and visible after moving up or down. Select item and make it visible when added to a menu.
Position the dialog better.
added missing @Deprecated annotations
check if the thread is interrupted to stop the file listing
Refactored the HyperSearchRequest to a Task
Added settings for the Activity Log, some code clean up (removed deprecation warnings and fixed suggestions from PMD).
Turned off all the debugging settings.
Changed invokeAndWait to invokeLater.  This doesn't seem to cause any problems.
Adding ability to have different types of XmlTag handle attributes.  This lets the attributes be arranged in a particular order for certain xml files, which can be handy.  For example, the AntXmlTag sorts the attributes for properties and targets in Ant build files so the name attribute is first.
Bumped version number, adjusted dependency versions, updated change log in docs.
An initial (not working yet) implementation that allows DnD in the same list.
Changed the way the items in the current menu are updated. Always update the model, and when switching to another menu or applying changes, update the menu element object.
When clicking 'apply' or 'ok', apply the menu changes immediately, including the current view.
Support dragging only of MenuElement objects.
Support dragging between the lists.
Added a label to explain how to modify menus.
Replaced the labeled buttons with icons.
Added a simple user guide.
Improved the UI a bit - the Add/Remove/Up/Down buttons are attached to the list of menu items. Fixed a bug when using the Remove button to remove menu items - it operated on the wrong indexes.
fixed typo
Allow elements to be renamed based on child elements.
applied patch 3042574 to update haxe and hxml edit modes. No CHANGES.txt since those modes were new in 4.4pre1
Collapse all tree rows before applying the expansion model.
added cancellable flag, getter and setter
Added icons and sorting for tld mode.
Added icons and sorting for Ant files.
Added sorting for general XML files, added sort direction.
Redo of panel caching, it needed to be per view per mode, not just per view.
added some TODO notes
- The "buffer" variable is always the current buffer and not the buffer   where the replacement occurs when using beanshell snippet replacement   (#3043118)
Fixed a memory leak in the beanshell snippet replacement #3043132
added TODOs
- get CompletionInfo from XSD by parsing the grammar using native Xerces APIs   (no more use of the PSVI).   -> Get it even if the schema is chosen externally (see XSDSchemaToCompletion)   -> Get it even if a parse error occurs afterward - caching of CompletionInfo, Validators accross parses and buffers for DTD, XSD, RNG.   Cache entries are invalidated when the file is loaded in jEdit, changes in jEdit,   when no buffer needs it (on buffer close).   Limitation for schema chosen externally (mainly RNG) and for DTD :   if a file containing a subcomponent of the schema is modified, the cache entry   is not invalidated - caching can't be turned off 
Added an example of how to use Diff (that can later be applied with patch) using JDiffPlugin. This will be used for computing the changes the user made through the GUI, and then re-apply them on each start, to make sure we don't lose future menu items by overriding the menu properties.
removed use of VFSManager
marked VFSManager.runInAWTThread and VFSManager.runInWorkThread deprecated
Help now use new ThreadPool
use of ThreadUtilities instead of VFSManager
removed debug lines
sorting adjustments, changed icons for sort direction.
include the .png icons
Switch to using 'Diff' and 'Patch' (from JDiffPlugin) for saving the list of changes in menus, and reapplying them on each start. This makes MenuEditor dependent on JDiffPlugin. Important: There are several small bugs in the implementation of 'Patch' in JDiffPlugin. Until they are fixed in SVN (and released), the file "jdiffplugin-patch.patch" can be used to fix them.  This change is done in order to avoid masking out changes to the menus that might be made in future versions of jEdit. Rather than keeping the resulting menus "fixed", the plugin just saves the "diff" and reapplies it each time. If jEdit introduces new menu items, the changes will be applied on top of them. 
Externalized the strings.
small GUI improvement
Some fixes to the normal patch format.
use of CharSequence instead of String to reduce memory usage
Added a todo list
replace the plugin menu with a single menu item.
Added a separator button, to allow adding separators to the menu. For now, the button is not dragable and just adds a separator at the end of the menu.
Removed the "..." from the "Reload all" menu item label. If no buffer is dirty (or new, untitled), this menu item performs the action immediately without asking the user for any input, which might be surprising because "...", by convention, means that more input is required for the operation. 
Allow dragging a separator from the separator button. Unfortunately, this prevents the button from functioning as a button, only dragging is supported. Need to fix this.
removed use of VFSManager.runInAwtThread()
Updated to use syntax tokens to assist in completion
Initial upload
Initial upload
Adding README
Plugin to provide Eclipse icon set to jEdit.
Creating 'trunk' folder.
Creating 'tags' folder.
Creating 'branches' folder.
Initial commit.
Doc updates.
Adding description.html. 
Tagging for release.
use of EventQueue instead of SwingUtilities
Adding more icons.
Using EclipseIcons plugin to provide Eclipse icons for java tree.
Deleting old Eclipse icons, they are replaced by those in the EclipseIcons plugin.
Doc update.
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Deleting to replace.
Added a few more icons.
Tagging for release.
Latest generated files from javacc.
Dropped required java version from 1.6 to 1.5 so I can use this with the XML plugin.
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Converted docs to html, moved to docs folder.
Adjusted task editor dialog to use the name from matching group 1 as the name of the task type.  This is a requirement anyway, so now it's done automatically for the user rather than having them enter something that doesn't work.
fix an exception when no result are found

started moving VFS browser WorkRequests to Tasks of the new threadpool. First the browser listing task
Added dependency on the new EclipseIconsPlugin, replaced old icons with those provided by the icons plugin.
Deleting unused icons.  These have been replaced by the icons provided by the EclipseIconsPlugin.
Added a hack to better identify Ant build files.
Updated docs.
Code clean up, removed code from TldXmlParsedData and AntXmlParsedData that was moved into the super class.
Allow the separator button to serve as both a button (for appending the separator to the list) and a drag source.
Bumping version for release

Tagging for release

added MESSAGE_DOUBLE_DOLLAR and GPL licence
added double dollar check
added $$ warning label
added check for $$ syntax
fixed a bug when having a $ as last char of a String
fixed exceptions in Statement parsing
minor changes
Added option pane and some minor restructuring
Updated error message
Add more staic typing using generics. (my first attempt to use work with PHPParser sourse).  But as i see, i shouldn`t run javacc  PHPParser.jj anymore. Right, Matthiew?
Initial upload
Initial upload
Re-factored reusable shell code into ProcessShell plugin
The XmlModeToolBar replaces these.
Icons for tld mode, added icons for maven mode, using XmlModeToolBar for all xml files.
Fixed bug #3051672 - Markerset: NPE/Crash/Busy lockup on startup If a marker exists on a line that is beyond the line count of the file (e.g. file was changed externally), then when the buffer is opened, no position will be created for it, and when the buffer is closed, we get an NPE because MarkerSets is trying to remove the non-existent position.
fix mib tree construction done in a Work thread
fix mib tree construction done in a Work thread

Replaced with index.html.  Docbook is no longer required.
Better handling of number values.
Added another unit test for json files.
Fix for potential array index out of bounds exception.
Added check to prevent -copyResource from failing if there are no resources to copy.
- fixes for SFTP (bug #3009485 - XML plugin exception with SFTP) - update changelog for 2.8.0 
fix an IllegalArgumentException when choosing an attribute in completion popup 
Preserve amount of whitespace inside the line in Hypersearch Results (except for the replacement of tabs with spaces).
- restore Resolver.reloadCatalogs() - fix bug #1090658 - XML plugin can't find CatalogManager.properties : suppress benign error message 
run everything after setPage() in the EDT and update comment about breaking the single-thread rule 
apply plugin patch #3053499 - Fix NPE in XML plugin https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=997937&aid=3053499&group_id=588 
- Preparation for allowing customization of the menu bar itself. - Separator button adds the separator after the last selected item rather than appending to the list.
Fixing build and docs.
Merging fixes in from trunk.
Fixing build to work with release scripts.
Merging in changes from trunk.
follow-up for plugin bug #1090658 : get the test right 
implement feature request #1591422 - XMLPlugin with entity preview https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=1591422&group_id=588&atid=997936 Entities must now be accessed from the XmlParsedData, not the NoNamespaceCompletionInfo 
Small fixes to the menu bar editor. (doesn't yet work)
Another small fix - new menus have no property with their items, so don't ignore the diff file.
Fix arrayToString on an empty array.
Implement up & down buttons in menu bar editor.
Remove the redundant jdiffplugin patch.
change the description to be a long description rather than a help file
Fix the 'delete' part of patch. Increased the version of the plugin, to allow a dependency on it in MenuEditor.
Completed the menu bar editor. Prevent deleting built-in menus (because some of them are dynamic and required for normal operation).
Another fix to 'delete' in patch.
Bumping version for release
Tagging for release 0.4
Tagging for release of 3.1.1, which is a bug fix release.
New project. 

Initial import. Does not work yet. 
several updates for Java CC 5 and string parsing
started using generics
Updated the change log with my recent fixes for the patch implementation. Also added Dale's change log for 3.1.0.
more generics
use of generics
First working version of git importer.  
Added an option pane. 
Added docs. 
Added long description, updated depends.  
removed ThreadUtilities unused import


Added visualbasic.xml edit mode patch #3031412
removed unused import made some fields final removed break and continue label
Removing accidentally added file.  
more generics
Tested on windows.  
fixed closure as arguments
Tested with jedit 4.3 
Tagging 0.1 for release. 
Updated docs. 
Upgrade to svnkit 1.3.4.
added some TODOs.
Adjusted to use a special directory for subversion files rather than those in the standard .subversion directory.  This should eliminate the problems Mac people have been having with their files getting overwritten by svnkit and being rendered unusable.
fixed evaluable string again
removed php 4 support and identify type of cast expression
Switched from Runtime.getRuntime().exec() to ProcessBuilder for starting the process
Fixed console dependency version
licence & coding style
licence & coding style
minor changes
added licence
added licence and use generics
added licence and use generics
fixed typo and style
added generics
fix type detection
added ASTNode visitor
better instantiation type detection
fix type detection
Updating for 1.1 release
Updated descriptions
added use keyword in closure
follow-up on r18427 : have predefined entities even when no CompletionInfo is found 
Fixing build.xml, docs.target should be none if html file is provided.
Merging build fixes in from trunk.
Fixed typo, Ant -> ant
Have dockable window manager bring TaskList to the front when finding tasks in PV nodes.
Removed synchronized from parseBuffer.  This can cause blocking problems.
Bumped version number to 2.2, bumped required CommonControls to 1.2.
Tagging for release.
fixed clone as method name
Fix for bug 2996025, only show Subversion menu in PV when Subversion is the selected VCS. Tracker 2996025
Initial upload 
Initial upload
coding style and generics
a lot of code cleanup, removed OutlineableWithChildren interface
more fixes
fixed heredoc
Initial upload. 
Initial upload.
Fix package name
Updated plugin stop() method to clean up running processes
updated ant build file, hope I missed nothing


If the user requests blame info on a file, then changes buffers while the info was being fetched, the blame panel would be displayed for the second file rather than the file for which it was requested.  This change fixes that.
Task comments were being truncated in certain cases, for example:       * @param endDate            TODO: write docs  would be displayed as:  TODO: writ  This commit fixes this situation by getting all text starting with the offset of the identified token to the end of the line.
fixed a bug in field parsing
fixed const parsing
fix some tests

fixed plugin dependencies


more fixes
test file
test file
fixed sidekick dependency
fixed clone($a) syntax
adjusting attribute wrapping for jsp files
fixed tabs issue
do not search for unused parameters in abstract methods
fixed typo
Fix a bug that appear sometimes when closing a buffer : In global scope, if you have a dirty buffer, split the view then close the buffer, you'll loose all your change
fixed chapters navigation

Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Moved the plugin from SVN to git.
Work on jsp beautifier.
Added a paragraph to the docs about how the javascript shell can be used to debug objects in use by jEdit.  
Fixed built-in pwd command.  
Oops. broke "-". Fixed that and now pwd works also.  
Fixed #1510651 - "-reuseview" not bringing the view to the front.
Updated Django mode
Re-added trans/blocktrans/endblocktrans tags added by blueyed@10370 which were accidentally removed in my previous commit
Ability to change cursor of the textarea  Added methods to manage the cursor if the TextArea :   In the TextAreaPainter class, added   resetCursor()   setCursor(Cursor)   The cursor behavior is the following :   when the cursor is the default one : TEXT_CURSOR,   when typing text it is hidden, after moving the mouse it reappears.   If a plugin calls setCursor() to replace it for whatever reason,   the cursor will not disappear anymore when typing or be changed to    TEXT_CURSOR until resetCursor() is called
Fixed TextArea.selectBlock() when the block is at offset 0 (#3062072)
Fixed NPE in PV context menu when PV is showing all projects.
Fixed array index out of bounds exception.  Stop parsing line once task has been found.
Added phpdoc @todo as a default task type.
removed unnecessary import
Moved the plugin to git
A readme file about the move to git.
Moved the plugin to git
use of EventQueue instead of SwingUtilities
Bugfix - no longer ignoring files in subdirs of directories that contained directories only, and no files. 
Got rid of debug log message. 
coding style
removed unnecessary "public" keyword in interfaces
Updated '
removed a call to runInAWTThread()
removed a call to runInAWTThread()
Removed files. 
Fixed the encoding in CHANGES.txt and got rid of two small Findbugs issues (which are not bugs).
Update for stata edit mode (#3019042)
Merge branch 'master' of ssh://jedit.git.sourceforge.net/gitroot/jedit/jEdit
3022084 - Patch for bug 2960128
Added some calls to closeAllMenus() from some other actions that should...
Brought version back down to 4.4.2 in preparation for tagging. 
Tagging 4.4.2 for release. 
Updated depends. 
Updated docs for using console with svn 
Initial upload. 
Initial upload.
Initial upload. 
Initial upload.
Updated version and dependencies.
Updating version number

updated jEdit dependency

added docs-proc.target


Added "go to line" dialog to replace the jEdit "go to line" dialog.  This new dialog remembers and automatically displays the last entry.
arg! forgot to add these with the last commit.
Some adjustments.
Treat "ok" with empty text field the same as "cancel".
Added clojure-contrib
Updated method call
Adding a new dockable user interface.
Better switching between control panel and current location panel.
Must pay attention, no need to have a LineNumberTextField when there is already a NumberTextField that will do the same thing.
try parsing based on buffer tokens 
working XmlParser and BufferTagParser - XML and HTML modes only 
Add special 'initialized' property so that we can tell on Linux whether or not the plugin has previously been run in order to set the default commands.  
deleted, not needed.
More work on 'go to line' dialog to show history.
Better layout of dialog box.
Added ability to have the Navigator "Go to line" dialog replace the jEdit "Go to line" dialog.
Updated docs.
Better use of the NavPositions to jump to previous locations via the "Go to line" dialog.
java test 
Bumping version and depends in prep for release. 
Creating branch from trunk, to test committing to a SVN repo, from the launchpad clone.
renamed plugin dir 
Moved out trunk 
First working version. 
s/git/bzr 
s/git/bzr/ 
Test commit to SVN branch
Fixed SF bug #2944752: Search bar not shown in full screen mode.
added ivy support for plugin compilation
updated RFCReader to use ivy
fixed plugin name
Update history with description of change in previous commit 
Tag release 0.5.8 of LaTeXTools 
Reviewed and accepted merge req #2944493: move 'about' dialog to center of active pane
doc fix. 
Tagging 0.2 for release. 
Added common controls.
Better handling of edge conditions and keyboard handling for 'go to line' dialog.
Some cosmetic adjustments -- popup/history list font matches text area font, limit width of popup.
Fix for calling "jump" with null position, this would cause the 'back' and 'forward' actions to not work anymore.
Added some documentation and re-structured main class
Fixed an issue where closing an Untitled buffer causes Navigator to not go back or forward once it tries to go to a position in that closed, Untitled buffer.  Now all positions for that Untitled buffer are removed when the Untitled buffer is closed since there is no way to actually get back to them anyway.
More cosmetic adjustments for the dockable.  Not quite done.
better initialization of current position.
Updated documentation and added clojure commando file
Eliminate an exception when the middle mouse button is clicked outside the area of the tabs.
Remove incorrect tag, LaTeXTools.props still needed updating 
Update props to use 4.3 API
Tag release 0.5.8, properly updated this time.  
Added few more CSS properties to KEYWORDS list
added missing annotations
Fixing build, and props to include help files.
Merging in help file fixes.
Fixing Browse button on options pane.
fixing build.xml to match props Java requirement.
Merging in fixes.
Fixing build to work with release scripts. Changing use of jedit.jars.dir to jedit.plugins.dir.
merging in build fixes
Added method to validate a nav position before going to it.
Adjustment to set a maximum number of characters to display for a line.  Currently set at 120 characters.  This is to prevent extremely long lines from causing display issues.
I was a little over-zealous in removing closed buffers from the history lists.  The intent was to only remove closed, Untitled buffers, not all closed buffers.
Updated clojure commando file
Renaming ClojureRepl 
Re-naming ClojureRepl plugin to ClojureShell
Renaming ClojureRepl plugin to ClojureShell 
Updated documentation
Updated documentation
Update to fit new Process Shell method signature
Re-factored plugin layout and re-naming
Re-naming PythonRepl to PythonShell 
Re-naming PythonRepl to PythonShell
Re-naming to PythonShell 
Got rid of extra property from props file. using vfs label. 
Got rid of redundant label. Using already translated property from core. 
Updated browse button label
Adding long description file
Updated Console dependency version
Added description file
Tagging for first release
Tagging for first release
Tagging for first release
Tagging for first release
Documented my last fix in the CHANGES file.
Changing jEdit requirement to 4.3 final minimum, and fixing the build.xml to install dependency jars along with plugin.
merging in fixes.
java 1.6 
Added documentation
Added documentation
Added documentation
Comments, PMD recommendations.
Adjust NavPositions on buffer edit so they remain valid and continue to point at the right place.
TODO
Set Java version to 1.5 and removed the 1.6 objects from EscapeDialog.
Inadvertently had the source and target set to 1.6 instead of 1.5.  This plugin should work with Java 1.5.
Set Beauty to be an optional dependency.
Well, shoot.  I had "optional" and "plugin" backwards in my last commit.
Reviewed and accepted merge req#2959782: Fix exception from RegexEncodingDetector
Reviewed and accepted merge req#3013714Fix add explicit fold in xml
s/1.6/1.5 - this is my bad, I thought I was helping before by changing it to 1.6. 
Fixed EditPane versus View scope so the dockable shows the right positions and navigates to the right edit pane.
Save and restore Code2Html settings so as not to trash user settings for Code2Html.
Removed debug line.
Removed unnecessary log message.  Generating this message is a serious performance issue when there are no fold handlers installed.
tag for release
Began support for completion icons, improved super and this completion
Added a short delay to reset_textarea so it works again.
Ctrl-P and Ctrl-N work from completion popups now (#3080463 - Damien Radtke) 
Deleting for more lp mirror testing. 
Ctrl-P and Ctrl-N work from completion popups now (#3080463 - Damien Radtke) 
More improvements to completion and class handling
Fixed popup font to use the same font as the text area
Wrap mode tooltip in status bar now indicates the current wrap mode
Removed all the unused constructors.  
deleting to replace
tag for release
More improvements, and added a configurable global class loader
Added fix for completing inside an open parenthese
Added support for completing on string literals
Mostly bug fixes, as well as a couple improvements
Added action to refresh the global classloader
Removed old print statements
Uncommented the build.properties lines so the build works again.
Fixed constructor completion and began updating documentation
Ignore anonymous inner classes
Pause on lost focus.
Bumped jEdit min version.
Tagging for release.
Changed the caret color so it is visible.
Tagging for release.
Bumped CommonControls dependency to 1.2.
Tagging for release.
Bumped version number to 2.3.
Tagging for release.
Fix for Tracker 3081956, applied Damien's patch plus a little more to make it work if the mode of the second file is different than the first file.
Fix for tracker 3008037, problems with go to next and previous asset.
Made the "Imports" node an Asset so the 'go to next' and 'go to previous' actions work with SideKick.
noreason to specify JDK 6 since it is now default
do not paint the line guide
Updated version numbers for dependencies.
Updated docs.
Added option to ignore errors for dirty buffers
Updating documentation and version number
Tagging for 3.1.0 release. 
Fix an exception that sometimes occurs when changing buffer

Fixed incorrect action names
Upgrading jEdit requirement to 4.3 final, instead of 4.3pre18
Merging in jEdit version fix.
Cleaned up plugin and added user's guide
Re-naming to GroovyShell. 
Updated groovy to 1.7.5 and added an enhanced commando file
Updated version number in the user's guide
Fixed bug in browse handler
Updated description
Re-naming GroovyREPL to GroovyShell 
Re-naming to GroovyShell
Tagging 1.7.5
Tagging 1.0
Re-tagging
Re-tagging
Re-tagging
Organized imports
Hey folks! Are we still using 80 chars/line? Don`t think so!
Added "Replace" button to Search and Replace dialog.  This allows a 'replace once' function as opposed to 'replace and find'.  See tracker #3084224.
Tagging 4.4pre1 for release. 
Branching 4.4.x.  
Added a menu item to activate the Console Shell.  
trying to implement automatic color highlight (recognize #aa00dd)
Re-tagging 1.7.5
Re-tagging 1.7.5
Re-tagging 1.7.5
Updating jEdit version dependency
Fixing dependencies
Fixing dependencies
Re-tagging 1.0
Re-tagging 1.0
fix string parsing
When tag-jumping is used (e.g. from CtagsInterface), add both sides of the jump (source and destination) to the history. Previously, only the destination was added, so if the caret was placed on a function call, and the tag jumping was invoked, then clicking Back afterwards did not put the caret back on the call to the function. 
Committed patch #3087617: Elastic tab stops, developed by Anshal Shukla.
Fixed the build of the independent text area, after applying the patch for elastic tab stops.
use of generics and made fields private
finally made fields package visible
finally made fields package visible, my previous commit was a mistake
Added .gitignore file to the ones, who are using 'git svn' while working on jEdit. (like me and sholmy for example)
removed by Matthiew`s request
Remove wrong tag 
Bumping version to 4.5. 
Add tag jedit-4-4-pre1
Initial version of FoldTools plugin. Currently it only contains a dockable and a message box showing the fold context of the caret.
Removed binaries and a redundant method.
Show a configurable number of lines before/after fold start line in context.
Added a license file
Allow jumping to lines from the context dockable.
Add option to follow caret in the fold context dockable.
Allow to configure the number of context lines inside the dockable itself.
Remove wrong tag again 
Added a fold handler named "comment" for folding multi-line comments. The handler folds from the line preceding the comment.
In the "comment" fold handler, fold only the comment lines, do not start the folds in the preceding line.
Added a composite folding mode, which combines comment + custom folding modes.
A small performance improvement for the composite fold handler.
Code cleanup and micro optimizations

added an option for color highlight
New method TextArea.getVisibleLineText(lineIndex) that returns   the visible part of the given line
Bumping Trunk to 4.5pre1. 
Tag for release.
Fixing build file to include dependent jars in the build.
Merging in build fix.
Fixing build to install dependencies.
Merging in build fixes.
Applied patch #3091530 - Elastic tabstops fix - by Anshal Shukla.
update to ivy 2.2.0
Applied patch 3023134 from Matthew Gilbert to add ability to increase/decrease line spacing in the text area.
Applied patch from tracker 3083902 from Ollie Rutherford to fix a NPE when the catalog file doesn't have a filename glob.
Updated to Substance 6.1, adds 2 new themes, Mariner and OfficeBlack2007.
The Task for asynchronous saving local file to disk ommiting VFS API stack.
Join lines to inprove code readability (sorry for microcommit)
Changed new api methods TextArea.getVisibleLineText() to use screenLine instead of physicalLine so it works with softwrap
Added jflex edit mode
Added a new menu item "New Macro" in Macros menu (patch #2983607)
added using keyword
Updated erlang mode and associated *.hrl to erlang language patch #3042398
In search and replace when replacing by a beanshell snippet, it is now possible to use multiple statements instead of  only one statement. To do that, enclose your code in braces (patch #3002207)
this plugin doesn't exists
this plugin doesn't exists
this plugin doesn't exists

credited Damien
removed unused imports
Updating dependency version number and re-tagging
Fixed superclass construction completion, and re-tagging 3.1.0
Added rotate buttons.  Handy for those pictures taken with the camera rotated.
Created the UI for custom composite folding modes.
Updated the combined comment+custom mode (named "composite") to the new composite API.
Make the user-defined composite folding modes persistent, and create their services dynamically on startup.
Create new folding mode services as soon as it is applied using the option panes - don't need to wait for next startup...
removed use of a deprecated method
Use a map to keep the type of each folding mode.
Quick last-minute bugfix
Quick last-minute bugfix
When an unknown folding mode is used, ask the user for its type (fixed or non-fixed).
tiny fix..
Externalized some strings.
Got rid of the "composite" folding mode, which can now be created manually by the user.
Added separators to the option pane.
removed some calls to deprecated methods
removed two deprecated api calls
Fixed escaping issue in Windows
Applied patch from tracker 3083902 from Ollie Rutherford to fix a NPE when the catalog file doesn't have a filename glob.
updated slackware target version for 1.6. 
Updating deb control to require 1.6. 
Got rid of 1.5 references. 
s/1.5/1.6  
s/1.5/1.6 
s/1.5/1.6  
More updates for 1.6. 
Remove space following ~ and !.
Initial vesion of the SideKick toolbar
s/1.5/1.6  
Got rid of unneeded check for java 1.5 in chunk workaround code.  Doc updates.  
Add/Remove the SideKick toolbar when the "show sidekick toolbar" option is changed.
Update the toolbar's combo-box when it's created - do not wait for a SideKickUpdate.
Use the "tree selection follows caret" to control caret-tracking in the SideKick toolbar.
Added support for few nested tags (separated by space) input. For example: "ul li a" will insert <ul><li><a>...</a></li></ul>
Fixed NPE if no tag specified.
updated dependency on Sidekick 1.0

SideKick toolbar with combo-box: - Fixed a bug where tracking the caret would also move the caret to the beginning of the asset - Use a configurable delay for the last caret movement (though no GUI, using property "sidekick.toolBarUpdateDelay" - delay in milliseconds). 
Fixed a comment with wrong assertion; the required set of encodings was not changed between Java 5 and 6. The comment was saying about support merely in Sun's Java 5 and 6. 
Applied patch from tracker 3096423 to replace WorkThreadPool with java Executor.
SideKick tool bar: Small changes to the renderer. Avoid adding non-assets to the combo.
Updated dependencies, adjusted JCompiler.java to work with latest JavaSideKick.
Updated jEdit dependency to 4.3 final.
Removed unused imports. Added template arguments to generic types. Un-commented the restoring of console shell variables.  Removed some other warnings and deprecations.  
Small bugfix
Tool bar: Changed the renderer of the combo-box to use multiple items, to properly support html.
Toolbar: Do not jump to selected item if it was changed by the SideKick, not manually by the user.
Organized the imports.
4.4/4.5 
Added a button in the sidekick toolbar to jump to the selected item in the combobox.
Check the auto-jump state when handling POSITION_CHANGED messages.
Fix for tracker 3096994.
Whatsnew updated to 4.5. 
Was not initializing filter-visible checkbox properly before.  
Sidekick toolbar: Implemented 'split combo' mode, where there is a separate combo box for each level in the sidekick tree. The mode can be switched using the option pane ("use a separate combo-box ..."), but for now, requires a restart of the plugin.
the index is now a service

Toolbar: Added support for changing the "separate combobox for each level" option at runtime. Fixed a bug where the caret position was not updated in the combobox selection on start or when changing buffers.
Some fixes / updates to the user guide.
Updated ColorWellButton to use the dialog provided by JColorChooser rather than creating its own dialog since the JColorChooser dialog is much richer.
Got rid of java 1.5 conditional code in chunk.java (we're always using 1.5 now).  
Toolbar: - Added an option to use a single icon instead of an icon for each tree node along the path in a single-combo mode. - Reorganized the option pane to group the toolbar options visually.
Toolbar: Simplified the code a bit (removed redundant parameters and checks). Use larger spacing between node labels if parent icons are hidden. 
added classes that I forgot
Toolbar: Fixed an NPE when there is no tree node containing the caret position.
removed unused import
removed unused import
renamed service



first commit of RFCFullIndex
RFC numbers upto 6068


fixed index update
index of 6068 rfcs
extends EditPlugin instead
fixed index change on the fly
added documentation
fixed selection color


Toolbar: Make the cell renderer more efficient - extend a JPanel instead of creating a new one for each item.
Added fireStateChanged so change listeners can know when the color has changed.  This is needed by the EditorScheme plugin.
Allow the same expression / string to be used both for starting and ending a fold, e.g.: #ifdef ... #else #endif The "#else" is both. This enables to make #ifdef...#else one fold and #else...#endif another fold.
The option pane should not override save() method
Removed workaround for java5 - the referred bug was actually fixed in java 1.6  
Removed java5 workaround in Chunk.java. Bug is fixed in java 1.6. 
Added dockable to let users edit schemes, see tracker 3096955.
Fix for tracker 3043127, added support for selection area background color.
Added so the scheme editor can be docked.
removed reference to deprecated method org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer#addBufferChangeListener
Major code cleanup. Removed unused Deprecated apis
added %debug keyword
fix colorScanner that was finding tokens in the middle of a word
Fixed typo.
Fix for tracker 3073712, diff overview not removed on view unsplit.
Updated BufferList dependency to 4.3 final
fixed explicit folds
Added ivy.xml, description.html and use plugin Home api

updated dependency to jEdit 4.4pre1


removed deprecated api calls
added description

Removed deprecated apis  MiscUtilities.createWhiteSpace(int len, int tabSize)  MiscUtilities.getLeadingWhiteSpaceWidth(String str, int tabSize)  MiscUtilities.getColorHexString(Color c)  GUIUtilities.getColorHexString(Color c)  that were used in Whitespace plugin but not anymore
Removed   GUIUtilities.NEW_BUFFER_ICON  GUIUtilities.DIRTY_BUFFER_ICON  GUIUtilities.READ_ONLY_BUFFER_ICON  GUIUtilities.NORMAL_BUFFER_ICON  GUIUtilities.WINDOW_ICON
removed use of deprecated api
removed  MiscUtilities.charsToEscapes(String str, String toEscape) that was used by CScopeFinder
reverted a wrong commit
Fixing display option pane bugs and adding useful information to errors thrown by Locator.getJarClassNames()
Minor adjustment to build.xml
Re-tagging 3.1.0
Re-tagging 3.1.0
Bumped version to 1.4.
Tagging for release.
Refresh on property change only if JDiff properties have changed.
FileVFS.modified is now private
added javadoc
Added a couple of missing color options, fixed the plugin menu.
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Switch to StandardUtilities.charsToEscape from the deprecated MiscUtilities.charsToEscape (fixes exceptions seen on 4.5pre1).
Cleaned up, added quotes around script path for commando file, and added support for plugin-provided beanshell methods
Bringing back depends of osx plugin 
Updating references to 1.5.0 javadoc.
Undoing previous commit. 
Forget the "pre", 4.5 is the new devel and 4.4 is the new stable. 
Bumping version. 
Changelog, bumping depends. 
Added 'go to text area' action
VFSBrowser escape handling fixed when used as a dialog (#3101808 - Alan Ezust)  
Better dispose method.. 
VFSBrowser escape handling fixed when used as a dialog (#3101808 - Alan Ezust)  
Skeleton for the Perl plugin. Nothing is implemented yet.
removing unused branch. 
removing build dir. 
Supplied a mergeinfo associated to a merge in r17840 (SF.net merge request #3002873). 
3074164 - add toolbar button - sort combobox of plugins also made add context menu combobox sorted case insensitive.  
Context menu sorted when adding toolbar buttons (#3074164 - Alan Ezust)  
Sorting combobox of plugins. 
Tagging 0.4 for release. 
Tagging fastopen for release. 
Adding help docs to plugin.
Merge: Adding help docs to plugin.
Removed the bin directory.
Added tag templates to Insert_Tag macros
More precise locations (column) of CSS sidekick javacc parser for HTML and CSS are regenerated with javacc 5 
getCommandoCommands() now only returns the visible commando buttons,  making the commando dialog creation a little faster. 
Moving Substance look and feel out of the Look and Feel plugin and into its own plugin.
no comment
no comment
no comment
Initial commit.
Refactored and revised the code to use the ServiceManager architecture.  Removed the Substance LAF since it is now its own plugin.
Bumped version number to 1.6.
Bumped required version number for LookAndFeel plugin to 1.6.0.
Tag for release.
Tag for release.
Added a launch configuration option pane.
Added launch configuration support.
Created the perl process. Added a general option pane. Fixed the name of the launch configuration file. Created a basic console for the output of the Perl debugger.
An initial copy of GdbPlugin with slight renaming.
Removed build directory
Removed class files.
A few other minor adjustments for perl.
Got rid of "pre"  
some cleanup
updated doc

added description. 
fixed indentation
added @Override annotations and fixed brace placement
added @Override annotations and fixed brace placement
Removed unused "fonts" field. It's uses were removed in rev 5184 http://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/jedit?view=revision&revision=5184
removed use of some deprecated apis.

Fix for occasional index out of bounds exception when calculating the end position of an element.
This was deleted back in June, 2006.  I don't know why.  This is the version from XML plugin version 0.9.2.
Fields made private VFSFile.name  VFSFile.path  VFSFile.symlinkPath  VFSFile.deletePath  VFSFile.type  VFSFile.length  VFSFile.hidden  VFSFile.canRead  VFSFile.canWrite
Removed Ant 1.4 completion file. File is generated by ant-complete task now.  
Bumping version. 
Fix for tracker 3110295, tree was loosing focus after tree node expansion. Tracker 3110295
Fixing build by setting docs process to none.
Merge: Fixing build by setting docs process to none.
Adding default git URL to git_cl.xml, and adding jEdit reset target to the build.xml.
Removing substance jars from the required jars property.
Merge: Removing substance jars from the required jars property.
Fixing build.xml for docs, and use of jedit.plugins.dir
Merge: Fixing build.xml for docs, and use of jedit.plugins.dir
Fix the stack overflow error.
Bumped version to 1.6.1.
tag for release, fixes a stack overflow error that was introduced into 1.6.0.
Removed use of some deprecated apis
fixed javadoc
More api removed  Buffer.addBufferChangeListener(BufferChangeListener listener)  Buffer.removeBufferChangeListener(BufferChangeListener listener)  Buffer.addBufferChangeListener(BufferChangeListener listener)  BufferChangeAdapter  BufferChangeListener
created fields GZIP_MAGIC_1 and GZIP_MAGIC_2
removed  BufferIORequest.GZIP_MAGIC_1 BufferIORequest.GZIP_MAGIC_2
removed some deprecated calls
Removed deprecated methods and classes  VFS.DirectoryEntry  VFS.VFS(String name)  VFS.showBrowseDialog(Object[] session, Component comp)  VFS._listDirectory(Object session, String directory, Component comp)  VFS._getDirectoryEntry(Object session, String path, Component comp)
Removed   MiscUtilities.compareVersions(String v1, String v2)  MiscUtilities.quicksort(Object[] obj, Comparator compare)  MiscUtilities.quicksort(List list, Comparator compare)
Removed HistoryModel.clear()
Removed ReadWriteLock
Removed some deprecated api calls
Removed deprecated api calls
Removed some deprecated api calls
Removed some deprecated api calls
Removed more deprecated apis
wrong version
removed old api calls
Removed more deprecated apis
Removed api call
Fixed 4.3.3 entries in CHANGED.txt. Some were incorrect (inserted at r18693), some were misplaced (at r18629 and r18692). 
#3120978 - npe when closing empty buffer. 
Improved fix. 
Added missing @deprecated. 
More specific @see. 
Missing @see. 
When switching an active project, change the current index automatically.
Repaint the index combo whenever the selection is changed.
Indexes: Do not change the selection in the model if the item is not on the list.
added annotations and minor changes
fixed compilation error
Changing plugin announcement to use plugin dependency names instead of the class name. This will help with releases as plugins in PluginManager are shown using their names, not their classnames.
implement Plugin Feature Request #2648110 - Console : configurable history size Console requires jEdit 4.4 
Merging in Create_Plugin_Announcement.bsh change to show PluginDependency names vs. classname, and to sort dependencies by name vs. classname.
replace outdated call to GUIUtilities.getColorHexString() with SyntaxUtilities.getColorHexString() 
Creating a test branch for Hudson to create Tags in.
Tagged by Hudson svn-tag plugin. Build:4.4pre1.
Tagged by Hudson svn-tag plugin. Build:4.4pre1.
Delete old tag by SvnTag Hudson plugin.
Tagged by Hudson svn-tag plugin. Build:4.4pre1.
Delete old tag by SvnTag Hudson plugin.
Tagged by Hudson CI. Build: 4.4pre1.
Tagged by Hudson CI. Build: 4.4pre1.
Removing tag.
"Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: ${env.release_version}"
"Tag deleted by Hudson CI to be recreated."
 "Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: 4.4pre1" 
"Tag deleted by Hudson CI to be recreated."
"Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: 4.4pre1"
"Tag deleted by Hudson CI to be recreated."
"Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: 4.4pre1"
"Tag deleted by Hudson CI to be recreated."
"Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: 4.4pre1"
Adding ci_release script to help with doing jEdit releases from Hudson.
"Tag deleted by Hudson CI to be recreated."
"Tag created by Hudson CI - Version: 4.4pre1"
added annotations and minor changes
minor coding style change
Fixed a potential bug that should never happens in fact
Fixed a potential NPE un Chunk that should in fact never happens in jEdit
added annotations and minor changes
Removed deprecated apis

Fixed invalid characters in source code. They are U+FFFD (Unicode replacement character) which indicates some error about encoding had happened there. 
Creating directory for MarkdownPlugin
Allow filtering comments and literals from the search results.
MarkdownPlugin: initial import
MarkdownPlugin: tags
MarkdownPlugin: initial Plugin Central release
Creating directory for HexToolsPlugin
Share project "HexTools" into "https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/HexToolsPlugin"
Share project "HexTools" into "https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/HexToolsPlugin"
Share project "HexTools" into "https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/HexToolsPlugin"
Share project "HexTools" into "https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/HexToolsPlugin"
Initial release
Initial release
Updating props to handle encoding correctly. Also updating required jEdit version to 4.3 final since we're not supporting older versions any longer.
Merge: Updating props to handle encoding correctly. Also updating required jEdit version to 4.3 final since we're not supporting older versions any longer.
- Windows installer kills existing jEdit instance before trying to install   (#2617610 - Eric Le Lay)  
Merging patch 2617610 into trunk. Win32 installer should kill jedit process before installing. 
Change the short labels for the new token filters in the search results dockable. Update the labels between short/long when the properties are changed.
sidekick parser for jedit-actions mode should be XML. 
added a fastopen policy. 
merge request 3127328 - fix invalid characters in source code.  
Updated version for release.

Doc changes only. 
Added mention of elastic tabstops in the news. 
Adding convenience targets to set scm targets, and compiler settings. Also updating sample build.properties for upcoming 4.4 release, and some more text describing properties and their usages.
Added dependency on CommonControls.
delete to replace
Tag for release.
Small fixes to helperlauncher.  1. handling of arguments improved 2. hides windows options on non-windows machines. 3. using common build file.  
Fixed a typo (Lipstick -> Lipstik) and a couple of potential NPEs.
Fixed typo in services.xml.
Tagging 4.4 for release. 
Updating versions. 
Changed jdkPreference setting for jedit.exe to "preferJre", so that jEdit runs only with JDK (without JRE) like 4.3.x and before. (SF.net bug #3134149) 
Merge request 3134543: jedit.exe can't find JDK. 
removing 4.4 tag 
Got rid of extra Component placed around every JToolBar, introduced  by rev# 12604. 
 New View option: Floatable toolbars.   New TextArea Option: Choice of color ordering w/ subpixel antialiasing.   
Reformatting. 
Fixed keyboard handling in aboutdialog: Space pauses, ESC closes. Before it was the other way around.  
Text reformatting only. 
F5 is a standard "reload" shortcut. 
Merge request # 3092877 - Patch to haXe edit mode 
Haxe mode update (Dion Amago # 3123602)  
Fixed a wrong comment. 
- Fixed the build.xml which was for the Windows installer only working if   completely run on Windows, making "ant dist-win" on another system and then   using "ant dist-win-finish" was broken (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Made the Windows launcher buildable on any system (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Made the Windows installer buildable completely via wine on on non-Windows   systems (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Made our documentation build on FOP 0.93+, 0.20.5 is no longer supported by   our files (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Included the Windows launcher in the Java installer (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Made the filter tasks use UTF-8 encoding as all our files are UTF-8 encoded   (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Made the Windows installer correctly show special characters like german   umlauts (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Fixed various indentation errors (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Removed the Java 5 suggestion in the debian control file   (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Replaced the links to Java 5 documentation with links to Java 6 documentation   (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Removed the BAT launcher in the Windows installer in favor of the EXE   launcher (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Fixed the setting for building the Windows launcher (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Reverted the erroneous changes for Mac OS X plugin (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Fixed the information in README.SRC.txt (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  - Reworked the Windows installer build file (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  
Tagging 4.4pre1 for release.
Make the A4 PDF User's Guide build correctly on non-windows systems also
4.4pre1 delayed again due to critical fix needed 
Moved call to 'setFilter' after the list is created to avoid NPE in 'scrollToTail'.
Fixed an unmatching fold marker. 
Fixed inconsistent indentation (Spaces vs Tabs). 
Avoided occasional performance down with large output when outputLimit is not set. 
Fix for tracker 3134215, 'restore previously opened files' setting was not being considered when saving and restoring perspective.
Merge 19138 into 4.4.x branch -  Fix for tracker 3134215, restore previously opened files setting not being +  considered when saving perspective. (#3134215 - Dale Anson) 
Moving the property copying part out of the ci_release script and into it's own script. The new copy_properties script can be used by Hudson to copy user entered system properties into actual build.properties files used by jEdit and jEdit/jars build processes.
Adding wine properties
Fixing typo.
Another typo.
In conjunction with the fix for tracker 3134215, added a new option to the General options pane to let the user choose whether to restore the split configuration. PerspectiveManager now edits the split configuration string based on this new option and the existing options to restore local and remote files.
Mercurial plugin 
dir structure. 
Initial import. 
Crediting Seph for the DirState class. 
Tagging 0.2 for release. 
oops. i will re-tag soon. 
Removed debugging code, and also handled case where invalid directory is provided better. 
retagging 0.2 for release. 
s/bzr/hg 
merge 
Merge request 3139281, Merge 19144 to 4.4.x.  
Merge request in tracker 3135374, merges revision 19124 from trunk to 4.4.x branch.  Fixes keyboard handling in about dialog.
Merge fix for tracker 3134704 from trunk to 4.4.x branch.  This merge fixes an issue where all JToolBars have an extra container around them.
Oops. Merging accidentally removed the setFloatable(false) from the previous revision, introdcing another regression. I am re-adding it now. 
Made toolbar floatable observe view settings. 
Added a task progress tooltip to the search results indexing label. 
Moving tag into tags directory.
Changing dependency to use jedit.plugins.dir instead of install.dir so it works better with the release scripts.
MERGE: Changing dependency to use jedit.plugins.dir instead of install.dir so it works better with the release scripts.
Adjustment of scriptlet code.
Some minor adjustments, some generated files.
Made some improvement and documentation about situation of Thread.interrupt() before or while EditBus.send() from non-AWT threads.  The problem was found during investigation of SF.net plugin bug #2941375. 
Tweaked javadoc for EditBus.send() so that the note added in r19166 is shown well separated in generated HTML. 
Reverse-merge 19144 (rejecting ticket#3139281)  
exploratory work on matching multiline error messages (like what the ocaml compiler produces) 
Error/warning patterns may be multiline and will be matched accordingly  - detecting if an ErrorMatcher needs more input is based upon Pattern.hitEnd()   this could be refined by adding a "is multiline" flag to the ErrorMatcher,   especially to cope with error patterns defined by the user: . (dot) is OK,   but \s will match eol, which is not intended.   The predefined patterns have been modified accordingly (replacing \s with [ \t]). - CommandOutputParser is now in charge of displaying and trimming the lineBuffer for StreamThread - a WatchDog thread had to be added to flush the lineBuffer after some time, otherwise the command prompt   of interactive shells didn't show up (tried with the ocaml interpreter).   It waits for 800ms for the moment, which may not be optimal (configurable via console.watchdog.period) - WARNING: DirectoryStack may be broken, I didn't test it - performance doesn't seem to be affected. A quick profiling based on the traces in test_data showed   that most of the time was spent in refreshing the text area and Pattern recognition.   As most error patterns hitEnd() on the first line, it means that every line of output is processed twice.   Adding a "is multiline" flag to each ErrorMatcher would mitigate this (almost no overhead if multiline   error pattern don't need the second line to be disgarded).   There is a copy of lineBuffer in replay() which maybe could be avoided, but it seems negligible.   I've taken care to work with lineBuffer in place the rest of the time. - extra line recognition is a little bit broken for multiline Error patterns:   CommandOutputParser is still trying to recognise a new Error/Warning before trying to add the line as extra to the current error,   but doesn't take into account its hitEnd() flag and would add the line as extra line for ocaml.   So, a zero-width negative lookahead is required in the extra line regexp ("(?!BEGINING_OF_ERROR_OR_WARNING)(.*)" does the trick). 
Reverted r19130 and r19132 which were committed directly into 4.4.x, means not in trunk and not reviewed yet.  Each changes (means well separated logical units of change) can come in again, after they got committed in trunk and being reviewed and got accepted.  Related mailing on jedit-devel: http://old.nabble.com/Re%3A---jEdit-commits---SF.net-SVN%3A-jedit%3A-19130--jEdit-branches-4.4.x-tt30455645.html 
Extended cygwin detection for xsltproc in build.xml, to cover recent installation. 
[ jedit-Merge Requests-3148286 ] Extend cygwin detection for xsltproc in build.xml  
oracle pl-sql mode (#3078863)  
 Factor Mode fix (# 3100731 - Valeri Mytinski)  
Pressing control+click on a button closes buffers of the same folder and subfolders (Thomas Katzlberger)
Pressing control+click on a button closes buffers of the same folder and subfolders (Thomas Katzlberger)
fix some bugs + the OCaml error pattern Had to add the optional \r to match the eol on windows. This is tedious, maybe the eol should be always replaced by \n 

Applied SF patch #3124623 - broken inner space/tab showing contributed by evanpw.
Bumped version for release.
1.0.1 contains some bug fixes
Fixed class cast exception
added some javadoc
After using save-as action on a read-only buffer the new buffer is no longer read-only (#3148102)
Added a command-line option "-nosplash" to avoid the splash screen. This can help handle cases where plugins show dialogs that are hidden behind the splash screen and cause startup to get stuck.
Merge Request # 3153250 After using save-as action on a read-only buffer the new buffer is no longer read-only (#3148102 - Matthieu Casanova) 
Fixed identifiers allowed after const keyword in class constants.
Filter text field for Plugin Manager # 2810926 
Consider full path when using file name glob in edit mode decisions (#2557712)  
View default bufferset scope. feature request #3022440 
Updating the updating modes section section.  
porting over the changes, done on the release branch but not on trunk
setting version to 4.4pre1
 File hyperlinks (#3103198 - Damien Radtke)  Version req is 4.4pre1. 
Added package.html files. 
Fixed various indentation errors
partially apply plugin patch #3148178 "XML: Fix for URISyntaxException about spaces in path" (not modifying PathUtilities) https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=997937&aid=3148178&group_id=588 
Fixed the condition and ordering of a call of loadCaretInfo() in EditPane#setBuffer() which caused unwanted jump after loading a buffer via Hyperseach Result nodes. (Based on SF.net patch #3153909 addressing SF.net bug #3134951) 
Improved a comment introduced at r19199 to give more accurate information. 
build files and properties cleanup
make the filter tasks use UTF-8 encoding as all our files are UTF-8 encoded
make the windows installer show special characters correctly
README.SRC.txt cleanup
fix broken build.xml for windows launcher
more stuff for Java 5 -> Java 6 switch
reverting erroneous changes that were only done on release branch without merge request
make the deb ant task compatible to Ant 1.8
fix the settings for building the Windows launcher
more stuff for Java 5 -> Java 6 switch
remove the BAT launcher in the Windows installer in favor of the EXE launcher this will not break existing scripts with existing installations as the BAT launcher is not removed on upgrade, just on uninstallation
make the Windows installer buildable completely via wine on non-Windows systems
make our documentation build on FOP 0.93+, 0.20.5 is no longer supported by our files
include the windows launcher in the Java installer
create backport branch for r19197
backport of r19197 to 4.4.x branch
create backport branch for r19201
backport of r19201 to 4.4.x branch
create backport branch for r18847, r18954, r19206 and r19210
bug fix: first error was not displayed if flushed 
minor fix in exception reporting 
start and end character offset in ErrorList  
backport of r18847, r18954, r19206 and r19210 to 4.4.x branch
Applied patch from Ryan Mott that fixes textarea scrolling left   automatically when selecting text at the end of a long line and trying to   scroll down if next lines are shorter. (#2841162)
This is another patch to fix regressions introduced by 19190. Feature request #2557712. Consider full path for edit mode filename globs. 
Added additional escapes for backslashes in file names, this should fix tracker 3154194.
better glob for apacheconf. 
Catch IOException (that will never happen) rather than more general Exception.
Remove mentioning of patch #2617610 as per request of Eric as the changes got refactored away
Merge request # 3159013   Hypersearch opens results at correct caret position    (Kazutoshi Satoda - #3134951) 
Merge Request 3159587 make deb task compatible with ant 1.8. 
Indentation errors (Merge request # 3159580).  
Merge request# 3159581 build and properties files cleanup. 
merge request # 3159582. more stuff for Java 5 -> Java 6 switch  
Made the filter tasks use UTF-8 encoding as all our files are UTF-8 encoded (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler) merge request #3159583 
Merge request # 3159584, make the windows installer show special characters correctly  
Merge request 3159585.  
fixes to build steps for running in wine. merge request # 3159586.  
Rolling back 19195.  
Get rid of DTD from users-guide.xml. Now we are using xml schemas and xincludes instead of entity references. 
Oops. re-adding the comments I accidentally removed... 
Removed some entries in CHANGES.txt to fit with the declaration saying "changes since jEdit 4.3": Fixes for regressions or new features are not seen as changes against 4.3.x. 
Removed entry in CHANGES.txt about the workaround for a bug in JVM 5 since jEdit 4.4.x no longer works with Java 5. 
Removed an entry in CHANGES.txt about whitespace-only change since it was not a real change, but just a preparation of other fixes. 
Completed the "thanks to" list of contributors. 
Fixed the encoding of filtered copy of win32installer.iss to UTF-8Y (UTF8 with BOM), to make Inno Setup always treat it as UTF8 instead of system default encoding of build environment.  This is meant to be a better fix over r19203. 
add example for usage of debian repository FOP version
Removed duplicate names in "thanks to" list. 
get rid of recursive copies 
fix javadoc + rebuild the ecmascript/parser files using javacc 5.0 
tagging for 2.8.0 release 
De-reference symlinks when getting file permissions (bug 3160310).  So that when saving a file, the original file's permissions are not overwritten.
Encoding mix up: fix Vampire's name.
Removed a deprecated api call Added some javadoc to explain why Register.setValue() is deprecated
Removed a call to Register.setValue()
Removed a call to Register.setValue()
Removed a call to Register.setValue()
reset button for matchers option pane is not committing directly, allowing for people to cancel when they see their matchers disappear. 
revert accidental commit of console/options/GeneralOptionPane 
Merging request # 3159591 - fop 1.0 compatibility.  
Merge request# 3159589 remove batch file now that we have a .exe file.  
Included the Windows launcher in the Java installer (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler) (merge request # 3159592)..  
make Fop usable with standard Debian installation without symlink
Removed unnecessary import
Got rid of the GNU regexp support, that was required for java 1.3, when java.util.regex was not yet part of the Java runtime. Also updated the documentation, and increased version to 0.7 for release.
Got rid of the GNURegexCounter, which is no longer needed, and removed the mention of it in the comment of CounterFactory.
Tagging for release.
Shortcuts option pane was showing shortcuts twice when an action was overridden by a macro or a plugin
When macros are reloaded, if one of them was overriding a built-in action,   the action is not restored if the overriding macro is removed    (#3110689)
Creating plugin directory for QuickOpen
Creating trunk directory for QuickOpen plugin
Creating branches directory for QuickOpen plugin
Creating tags directory for QuickOpen plugin
Refactored PerspectiveManager to eliminate duplicate split config parsing code and replaced that code with SplitConfigParser to properly handle the stored split config string based on user preferences.
Unit test for new SplitConfigParser class.
initial import
changed location of buld product
Switching to jEdit plugin build files
Still adding changes to work with jEdit plugin builds
Cleaning up build.xml file
update copyright notice
updated standalone build
updated standalone build
Standalone build now follows maven directory conventions
Fixed bug where directories can get included in file list
Added option to java beautifier to use attached or broken brackets. This means Beauty should be able to be used for beautifying jEdit code now.
Updates to JSP beautifier.
Added same fix for 'else' to 'catch' and 'finally' so they aren't added to the end of a preceding comment line.
The wine bug finally got fixed, so correct the README.SRC.txt with a wine min version
Made FOP work with system distro versions if fop.dir is set to /usr/share/java 
jEdit 4.5 users guide no longer uses external entities. 
small edit  
oops. para was in wrong places... 
Missing escape of ? character in php first line glob.  
catch an exception when an environment variable is invalid this happens when one invokes %set EDITOR=C:/Program Files 
Merge 19263 
Added a comment about jdkPreference to stick it with a reason.  This is a part of the result of review in SF.net merge request #3159588. 
Fixed the encoding back to US-ASCII and put a comment to stick it.  This is a part of the result of review in SF.net merge request #3159588. 
Changed customProcName back to false to make it possible to merge only accepted changes in r19209 into 4.4.x branch.  The use of customProcName can be revisited later.  This is a part of the result of review in SF.net merge request #3159588. 
Reviewed and accepted SF.net merge request #3159588: Fixed jdkPreference and fileDescription of .exe launcher built by Launch4j. 
Clarified docs in response to rejected merge request # 3156805. 
merge request# 3159590 - make windows installer buildable in wine. 
merge request #3163569 - change encoding of win32installer.iss to UTF-8Y
order the filters alphabetically like the others
merge request # 3159590 cont'd. 
Removed unused import
Added ItemFinder api
use of ItemFinder api
added a few javadoc
Added action to open uservoice from Help menu
Fixed fully qualified class name instantiation

If the buffer is empty, opening highlight dialog give a NPE (bug #3160075)
updated docs for site properties
More adjusting for cell display.
Several actions would fail if the locally stored user password was different than the repository password. Adjusted message to user so they'd know to check their credentials.
Clarifications about editing properties files. 
Make org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField public.
Merge request # 3169285. org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField is now public. 
Fixing build, and props to work with prebuilt help file.
FileList updates when a buffer is saved. Changed default max files to 1000
Tagging initial release of plugin
Fixed docs
fixed docs
Support more than 2 editpanes in splitpane_grow. 
Fixed encoding problems introduced at r19252, and overlooked at r19253. 
Fixed incorrect behaviors of Find Next/Previous happened when invoked at a start/end of line, and corrected wrong javadoc comments of SearchMatcher#nextMatch() with its duplicates, as the cause of problem. (SF.net bug #2953604)  All of callers of SearchMatcher#nextMatch() in sight, are now passing correct arguments. The javadoc comments had been out of date for years. 
Added error handling if no directory is selected
Added error handling if no directory is selected
Tagging 4.4pre1 for release.
Update the version number to 4.4pre2
Update to current online version
Update the version numbers
Improved search response. Modified UI on macs
Still need to refresh file list when jEdit regains focus
made $pwd return correct thing. made ver print more meaningful information.  
Ready for merging back into release-0.1
Merged changes from trunk. Ready for release
Fixing missing action - actions.xml needs to be found at the top level of the jar file.
Merge: Fixing missing action - actions.xml needs to be found at the top level of the jar file.
Updating copy_properties script to look for properties starting with je.ci. This will makes it not need to know which properties exactly to copy over.
Update step numbers
Replace single version numbers by placeholders
Improve the placeholder replacing BeanShell snippet
Added coffee edit mode (patch #3173375)
Fixed an exception that occurs when opening jEdit from command line   with some files to open as argument if a jEdit server is running   (#3173669)
- bump version to 2.8.1 - fix plugin bug #857802 - xml: insert closing tag in macro.   The content of the closing tag is still missing but the extra bracket is gone.    
added a few javadoc
Collapsing all folds will move the caret outside any fold if necessary
Removed unused property editpane.bufferset.new since bufferSet api rewrite
Minor optimization of TextAreaTransferHandler.canImport() method that is called when dragging things on the textArea
replaced for with foreach
jEdit now force drops from external applications to be COPY and not   MOVE drops. It prevents ftp explorer from deleting dropped files   (#1208598)
Adjusted regex for generics to handle multiple type arguments, e.g. <type, type>.
A little code clean up, and fixed the soft tabs bug.
Added an action "search files of this type". 
Bumping version since there are a couple of changes since 2.6 
Set search text to text under the cursor. 
fixed coding style
Added new keywords to C# edit mode (patch #3120746)
updated to lucene 3.0.3
updated to lucene 3.0.3
remove use of deprecated api, patch 2809978
Removed deprecated method TextArea.getMarkLine()
removed an unchecked warning (patch #2809993)
Added an option to search for entire words (patch #2842461)
reverted some actions that were committed by mistake
Dynamic softwrap. Now the softwrap margin is the minimum of the buffer wrap   guide and the max length displayable in the TextArea (patch #2846458)
escape regex characters in whole word search
fix whole word search
Fixed handling of unary expressions and a bug in the 'endsWith' method.
Better handling of indenting for soft versus hard tabs.
Added test for unary expressions.
Better handling of indenting for soft versus hard tabs.
Doc update.
Generated file.
removed the test about args =null since it cannot happens inverted hasBufferArgs test and added the view instead of null as Kasutoshi suggested
removed an unused variable
removed commented out code
The Macros menu can now be splitted if there are too many macros or  macro folders (#3172647)
Added option to pad parenthesis.
Bumped version number to 0.6.0.
Tagging for release.
Reviewed and accepted merge request #3173687: Fixed NPE when starting jEdit with a jEdit server. 
Added compiler.source,target values to build.xml 
Entire word search rewritten : now the search is done as usual, then before returning the result it is checked to be a whole word, if not, the next result is searched (and checked).  A whole word has the following conditions :    start of word :  beginning of the line  starts with a symbol or space  char before the first char is a symbol or space    end of word:  end of line  ends with  a symbol or space  char next to the last char is a symbol or space
added CommonControls to ivy.xml
Fixed indentation in javacc edit mode that can fail if a token contains "else"
oops, forgot to commit the fix described in rev 19388
Fix else: syntax where there is no statement

removed use of deprecated api
removed use of deprecated apis
removed two deprecated methods   BeanShell.runScript(View view,   		      String path,   		      boolean ownNamespace,   		      boolean rethrowBshErrors)   BeanShell.eval(View view,   		 String command,   		 boolean rethrowBshErrors)
use of IOUtilities
use of EBHandler annotation
updated for java 1.5 and jEdit 4.3.x
Adding clean, and dist targets so the automated builds will work.
removed deprecated api calls
updated version

added jUnit to ivy.xml
Removed unnecessary calls to painter.getFontMetrics()
A temporary buffer was not settings it's edit mode, breaking the hypersearch request since new feature that search for whole word
added comments
fixed some indentation
use of getSmartCaseReplace() instead of inline code
When jEdit is unable to autosave jEdit now logs a warning, but doesn't pop an error dialog every 30 seconds (#3154842)
If jEdit doesn't have rights to save a buffer, the dialog doesn't display an exception anymore, making the error message less dramatic.
Fixed bug with duplicate variables appearing in the pop-up, as well as parameters outside of the current method
Fixed issue where completion would fail if the 'jars' folder didn't exists in settings or in home
In mode syntax file, SPAN_REGEXP can now end with a regex (patch #3162735)
Adding mode for outlines.
Changed threading code to not depend on jEdit classes.
Added option java beautifier to break else, catch, finally, and while (from do).
Added general option to show/hide error dialogs.
Reviewed and accepted SF.net merge request #3175309: Made jEdit prevent FTP window of Windows Explorer from deleting dropped files. (SF.net bug #1208598) 
Reviewed and accepted SF.net merge request #3175309: Made jEdit prevent FTP window of Windows Explorer from deleting dropped files. (SF.net bug #1208598) 
Action file is unused.
Improving keyboard handling, some code clean up, fixed a bug where 2 BigDecimals couldn't be added.
A whole lot of code clean up.
Fixed an exception that prevent from opening properties dialog of non local   files in the VFS Browser (#3199876)
bumped version number up
removed dependency on ProjectViewer
replaced deprecated method call in RubyActions; removed ProjectViewer reference from build.xml
release 0.9.5 tagged
Fixed the file properties dialog when the VFS has no rename capability
Make sure there is a space between 'return' and any returned value.
Make sure there is a space between 'return' and any returned value.
Moved hard-coded strings to properties file.
Simplified indenting code.
Removed to do.
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Updated my email address.
Code clean up.
Fixing build to work with release scripts. Changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir for plugin dependencies, and updating jEdit version to be 4.4pre1 as indicated in release announcement.
MERGE: Fixing build to work with release scripts. Changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir for plugin dependencies, and updating jEdit version to be 4.4pre1 as indicated in release announcement.
Updating JDK requirement to match announcement.
MERGE: Updating JDK requirement to match announcement.
Bumped version number to 1.3.0.
The selectionLength status bar widget is now updated when jEdit starts, and says 0 instead of nothing if there is no selection
A new status bar widget is added to show the last modified time of the current buffer (feature request #1551454)
The Statusbar widget choice in global options has now a preview to see how the status bar will look like
enable xinclude features by default. 
Added extra failsafe check and updated version number
Replaced HashSets with TreeSets to fix bug where duplicate completion entries wouldn't correctly be ignored
Tagging 3.1.1 release
Added back the beautify method for backward compatibility with other plugins.
Added the system properties "java.vm.name" and  "java.runtime.name" to the list of system properties that are printed to the activity log on startup. These properties allow users to tell if they're using OpenJDK or the usual Sun Java.
Reverted my change for handling #if...#else...#endif, thanks to information about regexp assertions from Dawid Krysiak. Updated the documentation with how to use regexp assertions for this purpose.
Bumped version for releasing.
Releasing 0.8, undoing the change I made last time for allowing the same regexp as both start and end folds.

fixed plugin name
updated version

Fixed LastModifiedWidget when using an untitled buffer

fixed bug 3213492
Fixed go to next/previous buffer in list (#3213492)

Added a clarification about the backup directory.
Tagging for release.
Rename.
Code cleanup.
Tagging for release.
Bumping minimum jEdit version to at least 4.3 final.
Merge: Bumping minimum jEdit version to at least 4.3 final.
Updating build.num property in build.xml to match .props version.
Merge: Updating build.num property in build.xml to match .props version.
Updating build.xml to work with automated scripts.
Merge: Updating build.xml to work with automated scripts.
Minor optimization making TokenMarker.checkHashString(ParserRule rule) 6 time faster
added minor javadoc
minor changes
minor changes
minor changes
Fixed explicit fold
minor changes
Doc update, better explanation of the regex for task identification.
Check regex, removed the auto fold line because it annoys me.
Added swing worker.
Fix for tracker 3217202, error doing temporary open on Windows files. 
Minor changes
Minor changes
minor changes
- New methods JEditBuffer.setContextInsensitive(boolean) and   JEditBuffer.GetContextInsensitive() to manage the new attribute   contextInsensitive of JEditBuffer. By default it is set by the   edit mode, but you can change it's value (careful, it can break   the syntax highlight of your buffer if you don't know what you do)    (Matthieu Casanova)      - New property for the edit modes : contextInsensitive.   By default the value is false, but if set to true the color highlight of   a line of the buffer do not depends on the previous line. It works of course   only for modes that do not have multiline comments and no tokens that can be   on several lines (like literal in several languages)   This cause major performances improvement on buffers that use an edit mode   that is context insensitive.   The following modes are now context insensitive :   assembly-agc   assembly-ags   assembly-m68k   assembly-mcs51   assembly-parrot   assembly-r2000   assembly-x86   awk   cobol   csv   csv-commits   eiffel   foxpro   hex   htaccess   hxml   icon   ini   jmk   json   mqsc   outline   props   ptl   pvwave   rfc   rib   rpmspec   sip   splus   sqr   squidconf   svn-commit   text   vhdl   visualbasic   yab
autosave and backups is now called saving and backups pane. 
Merged 19489 for documentation fix. 
Fixed tip reference to wrong option pane. 
Merge tips fix. 
Fix for feature request 3248733, added buttons to go to first and last diffs.
Replaced Lists with Sets to avoid duplicates.
Fixed compatibility with latest jEdit

When editing a big file, a dialog will suggest to disable syntax highlight or make it context-insensitive so that jEdit remains fast
Small documentation fixes. Also removed mention of ms remote desktop w.r.t. subpixel antialiasing since it works fine in windows 7! 
fix big file loading if userMode is set
added buffer name to the dialog title
Fixed bug 3221065
Allow "final" as a modifier for the local variable in enhanced 'for' loop statement.
Fix for tracker 3257175, not showing full name of qualified implements/extends.
added an extended options panel in the Search dockable
Removed use of MiscUtilities.StringICaseCompare
Added support for completing methods on inherited fields/methods
Tagging 3.1.2 release 
Updating version number 
Re-tagging 3.1.2 
Re-tagging 3.1.2 
A few parser updates -- - Keep multiple slashes at the start of a single line comment together, so /// remains /// rather than // /. - Allow constructs like Integer.MAX_VALUE and Something.super.whatever()
updated test for multi-slash single line comment
generated files
new test file
A couple of bug fixes -- - fixed space being removed between 'import' and package name. - fixed extra blank lines being inserted after 'return' statement.
Switched out the input stream for a string reader and grabbing all the text at once. This helps keep asset offsets more accurate. Also did a little code clean up.
Bumped version number to 3.1.3.
Cleaned up src and build.xml 
Made class-name search case insensitive
Updated message formatting
Tagging 1.2 release 
Initial upload 
Initial upload
Initial upload
Cleaned up Locator and moved PV options to Classpath
Setting docs-target to none.
Fixed SF bug #3285810: When a file is dropped into jEdit, it should become current The problem turned out to be a bug in the JRE - an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException thrown by TabbedPaneUI.getTabBounds, which is called (indirectly) from BufferTabs.updateColorAt, which is called when a file is dragged into jEdit. The exception wasn't code by BufferTabs and affected the code up the stack (bufferset code).  Also added debugging information to the Ant build of the plugin.
Bumped version, to mark it as different from release
Applied patches for #3298517: BeanShell error while creating java constructor Patches provided by ZhongRan Deng (lxdyglt). 
No good reason to make the add abbreviation dialog modal. 
Merged patch into jedit4.4. No need to make add abbrev modal.  
Fixed a deadlock when dragging a file from a file manager into jEdit. Dropping the file in jEdit causes a background thread to add it to the edit pane and then synchronously send an EditPaneUpdate message (where the EBHandlers are invoked in the AWT-EventQueue thread). The background thread holds the bufferListLock, and the handler in ConfigurableFoldPlugin (which runs in the AWT-EventQueue thread) calls getBuffers() which blocks on it - causing a deadlock. getBuffers() was called in order to remove bufferStrings entries for closed buffers; however, the right way to clean bufferStrings is by listening to BufferUpdate.CLOSED messages and removing the closed buffer from the map. 
Allow objects of type "uri-list" to be dragged into the text-area. This type is normally used in Ubuntu for dragging files from Krusader and possibly other file managers.
Fix coding convention.
Update changes file.
ftp in trunk now depends on jedit 4.5pre1 - so props file changed
Reviewed and accepted merge request #2949473 - View#getEditPanes() could be wrong after setSplitConfig()
Reviewd and accepted merge request #3165318 - When macros are reloaded, if one of them was overriding a built-in action, the action is not restored if the overriding macro is removed 
Adding gradle specific mode file.
fixing copy-paste catalog entry.
minor: balance explicit folding 
Subpixel now works over remote desktop.  
Added a brief description of the analyzers to the plugin documentation, including references to the formal documentation.
When creating an index, select by default the analyzer that was last used.
introduce a javacc parser for XML (work-in-progress - no CDATA support) The structure matcher can be either xml.TagHighlight (reparse a lot) or xml.SideKickTagHighlight (use Sidekick, parse only the start tag) 
Extended the tooltip of the indexes combo-box in the Lucene Search Results dockable to include the analyzer for the currently selected index.
# 3309035 - BufferSet Scope - cannot be changed via actions  
Merging # 3174558 - Fix for caret remaining in folded area 
Merging 3175133. 
Merge # 3221065-Mouse Drop Makes Copy. 
Moving the antialiased text FAQ and cleaning it up. 
Fixed XML close tag error. 
Merge request # 3170692, Fix wrongly skipping Find Next/Previous at start/end of line  
Removed a bunch of merged items that are now in 4.4.x branch.  
Fix properties dialog on VFS Browser Merge req# 3200669  
Added a tooltip to the extended options checkbox. 
merged revision 19547 merge request  3313924
merged revision 19325 request 3171780
merged 19325, merge request 3171780
Remove sending to background from the Linux start script, otherwise it cannot be used properly as commit editor with the -wait option or to get the -usage output on the commandline properly 
Improve integration with Unity Launcher. Without this change if you pin jEdit to the Launcher and then run it, a separate icon for the running instance is shown. With this change this is correctly merged with the pinned starter. 
Added a button to stop parsing in the SideKick tree button box. This can be used when parsing takes a long time and can cause performance problems (or irresponsiveness).
added missing @Override
Removing some items that got merged into 4.4.x branch. 
Fix for possible ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException.
Fix for potential mis-read of a javadoc comment as an annotation. I have a macro that puts the javadoc comment around some text, if the file is parsed before that text is formatted as a javadoc comment, things like @param and @return are mis-parsed as annotations and sidekick is hosed for that file from then on.
fix whitespace inconsistencies
Add CHANGES.txt entry for r19560
Add CHANGES.txt entry for r19561
save the bufferSet scope
- New view now only contains the current buffer if not global scope   (#2990965)
reverted my change
Merge Requests # 3316329, 3316353 related to buffersets. 
Rolling back merge # 19571 because it doesn't create a new view properly now. 
setting documentation target to none since an index.html file will be provided.
Remove background from startupscript (merge# 3315985) 
Merge request #3315987 improved integration with unity launcher. 
Finishing 2990965 
Merging new view empty bufferset # 2990965 fix. 
Updated to use docbook 4.4 xsl. 
Added TaskMonitorWidget feature #3316561
Fixed \u parsing

fix some code analysis
Added a tooltip to the taskmonitor widget. Added taskmonitor to list of default status widgets.  
Single click to show dockable. 
Create a new untitled buffer in a new view, instead of opening the same buffer. 
No longer creates an untitled buffer in the current view. 
Added a check to see if we are in global bufferset scope... 
merge request 3316971 rev 19588, 19589
Fix multiple const declaration
more fixes to bufferSets
Added readLock/readUnlock around parsing. SideKick occasionally parses while the Beauty plugin has a write lock, which can cause the parser to fail.
Occasionally ElementUtil would throw an ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception, so I added a better check for it. I believe the root cause is actually from SideKick attempting to parse a buffer while the Beauty plugin was trying to beautify, which resulted in the exception. My previous commit that added a readLock around the SideKick parsing should also prevent the exception.
Fix for tracker 3320257, spurious error message.
fix token offsets
use a Segment instead of making a copy of the buffer's text in a String. Speeds matching tag highlighter up (TagHighlight as well as SideKickTagHighlight). 
fix isAt method
fix for bug #1593358 - Properties Macros  - jEdit and System properties are output correctly using Properties.store()  - Look and Feel property values are output  
added hyperlinks

BufferSet contents of new Plain View #3317405 fixed (Matthieu Casanova). Merge request # 3322485.   
Changelog fixes only. 
Fixed a bug when the buffer is changing  Added ability to use several hyperlinks sources to a buffer

Removed unused imports. Updated to xml schema for users-guide.xml 
Bumping version and depends. 
Reverting previous commit. No release is needed for contextmenu. 
CHANGES.txt cleanup for release
Fix whitespaces
Update the version number to 4.4.1 
some more CHANGES.txt cleanup
Tagging 4.3.3 for release.
Tagging 4.4.1 for release.
Some fixes and add releases 4.3.3 and 4.4.1
fix parsing of class access
Update the version number to 4.3.4
Update the version number to 4.4.2
Revert bad commit
Update the version number to 4.3.4
added hyperlinks
Update compatibility information
Update information about debian repository and add signing information
Add twitter widget to website
Update website files that someone only changed on-site
Added user's guide 
Docbook 4.4 xsd. 
fixed static:: syntax
Updates for threading/performance improvements.
Made the text more sharp on the dockablewindow icons, as per Makarius' suggestion.  
update JUnitPlugin to junit 4.8.2 and ProjectViewer 3.0 - restarting a test doesn't work yet - it has not been tested with junit 3 tests 
test-case for plugin bug #3216494 "CPU 100% when parsing XML with SchemaLocation" 
update to fest-swing 1.2 
small fixes 
allow jEdit tests to be run inside an existing jEdit instance 
sample tests (compile with javac -cp ../lib/junit.jar) 
Add some quotes and explicit variable markers to *nix launcher
Update Java installer generated *nix launcher to be the same as the one in the native *nix packages
Remove changes merged to 4.4.x
Add CHANGES.txt entry for r19637
Correct CHANGES.txt entry for r19637
Add CHANGES.txt entry for r19638
moved some of the mode changelog entries to the 'editing' section.  
Moved Default Line Separator Char from General to Encodings Option Pane. 
If the current buffer is on a VFS that is not browseable (ex:http), trying   to open a new file was trying to browse the path of the current file giving   an error
reruning tests works 
more help, add a tooltip 
tagging JUnitPlugin 0.6 for release 
fix a bug preventing a DTD referenced using a relative path from being resolved when xml file is on a windows share (using an UNC path \\server\path_to.xml) 
the browser actions context of plugins now have a label
Ability to customize the browser context menu (feature #3354306)
Fixing build to work with release scripts.
Fixing build to work with release scripts.
merging in build fixes.
fixed a bug in browser context menu and simplified implementation
removed a log that I introduced by mistake
Global options now use properties to display options tree
added compatibility with new jEdit properties for managing option panes and keep backward compatibility when the option do not exists
mention closing bug #1593358 in changelog 
Ensure caret and line index are non-negative.
Fix for tracker #3358452, xml indenter should not modify attribute values.
Some code clean up and adjusting EDT handling.
Code clean up, stop button adjustments.
Tag for release.
Updated changelog. 
Tagging 1.0.2 for release. 
revbump, add long description 
fix plugin bug #3216494 "CPU 100% when parsing XML with SchemaLocation" by checking for complex types containing a reference to themselves in a child element (see test_data/nant) 
regenerate with javacc 4.0 
add attribute and attribute value location 
Implement an XML hyperlink source (needs Hyperlinks plugin).  Doesn't work for HTML and attributes with multiple hyperlinks (eg xsi:schemaLocation) yet. Doesn't use xml:base attributes yet. 
better TagHighlight implementation :  - correct location when there is a tab  - don't highlight start tag when not in end tag 
Removed 2 parse errors for the test file...  
more cache debug 
Hyperlinks service declaration 
handle IDREFS, xsi:schemaLocation and xml:base in XmlHyperlinkSource 
add Hyperlinks source for HTML documents  requires tracking start tag position of script elements in HtmlParser.jj 
fix typos 
register HTML, XML, XSL Hyperlink sources 
IDs are picked if they are declared in an XSD or RNG schema, not only in DTD as before  special case in XMLHyperlinkSource for ulink 
prevent infinite reparsing due to SideKickUpdate message during parsing 
some more test data 
Added a friendly note to tell users to also check out sidekick general options for parser and completion related stuff. 
store ids in a map instead of a list for faster hyperlinks 
Sidekick just came out so I put this property in the XML plugin also... But I will remove it from XML after we do the Sidekick - Completion refactoring work and then we can change the string in  one place and it will be reflected in other Sidekick plugin option panes too.  
Fixed mode selection by exact file name match. Previously, the entire path and file name was being considered, which would never match with the file name pattern in the mode file.
don't highlight standalone tags, don't log parse errors 
use a TreeMap to avoid sorting IDs each time 
Got rid of DTD from news.xml 
fix compilation error 

some cleanup
Supports multiple header extensions too. 
1. Fixed plugin bug #3375673: Navigator and "new plain view" - unnecessary error dialog    Removed the error dialog. 2. Made the Navigator toolbar work when view.getToolBar() returns the JToolBar itself. 3. Added the "compiler.debuglevel" property to the build, to allow the build to include line numbers for debugging. 
Allow left-click in the Navigator toolbar to go back/forward. Previously, only right-click was implemented, and it opened the back/forward list. 
Reverted previous change, for handling left-clicks on the Navigator toolbar buttons. This is already handled differently. 
Fixed bug #3374207: Wrong mode detection on drag and drop from GNOME Commander The problem was that gnome-commander adds a trailing 0-byte after the file name. This extra 0-byte caused the filename regexp of the mode to not match the filename. 
Avoid a deadlock when multiple files are dragged into jEdit. The problem was that the transfer handler invoked multiple "jEdit.openFile" in worker threads. jEdit.openFile takes the bufferListLock during the loading, and eventually needs to send an EditBus message on the EDT. If the EDT somehow needs the bufferListLock (e.g. saving the perspective) during this loading, there's a deadlock: The EDT waits for the work thread to release the bufferListLock, and the work thread is waiting for the EDT (to send the EditBus message). The current fix is simply to run jEdit.openFile in the EDT. 
Added a bug fix 
Antoher bug fix 
Replaced the Navigator special toolbar with simple toolbar buttons. This has the drawback that the buttons are always enabled, even if there's no history, but it is very much simpler and working. 
Reverted a debugging change I mistakenly checked-in as part of my deadlock fix. 
fixed indentation
added TaskAdapter
use of Task API in VFS Browser
Rolling back change# 19686. 
Rolling back my changes for bug# 2557712. 
Fixing a merge error. 
Parse error. 
Updated documentation to link to Classpath
Implemented feature request #3381170: option for tabs in single row,scrollable This is done using a new option in the plugin's option pane, title 'Wrap tabs into multiple rows...'. This implementation also contains a significant fix for a problem that was detected by vampire: BufferTabs overrides indexOfComponent of JTabbedPane, and did it incorrectly, causing operations on non-text-area components to do the wrong thing. 
Allow changes to the L&F during runtime to be effective immediately, rather than having to wait for next restart. 
Remember preference for multiple results. 
Bug 3382322 - lucene opens files in wrong view. 
Bug 3382322 - lucene opens files in wrong view  
Fix #3381350: autoexpand new results, unexpand old results 
Option to set default shell, or remember last selected shell. 
Fix persistence of multi-status to also affect the tree on startup. Update dependency on MarketSets - 0.6. 
Reverted my previous change for allowing L&F changes to be effective immediately, as it still causes problems. 
- MiscUtilities.expandVariables() now recognizes %varname% on Windows,   meaning it can reverse what MiscUtilities.abbreviate() does. (Alan Ezust).  
fixed indentation
delatedAWT -> delayedAWT
delatedAWT -> delayedAWT and fixed indentation
no reason to rename a file if the new name is the same
small simplification
jEdit systray icon #1657143 feature
system tray is always available Clicking on the icon will toggle the visible state of all window or dialog if there is at least a view if there is no view, the perspective is restored to create one.
Created a branch for notifications 
Removed the branch, to enable creating it from the working directory. 
Creating a notifications branch. In this branch, notifying the user of errors can be configured using a service. 
Added notification package 
Position the notification window at the bottom right. 
Added a button to open the error in the default notification service 
Some refactoring: 1. Move all the notification classes to package org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.notification - as they are actually part of the gui. 2. Change NotificationService from an interface to an abstract class. This class will contain common functionality to all notification services. 3. Move the functionality of NotificationManager to NotificationServer (the functionality was only static methods). No need for another class. 4. Rename the 3-parameter 'error' method to 'ioerror'.  Also, added properties to configure the balloon notification service: balloon.notification.   color   time.ms 
some simplification and reuse code
Moved the alternative notification service to a plugin 
Added notifications plugin 
Removed the output directories. 
Some small fixes. 
Updates for Java 7: binary literals and underscores in numeric literals.
Minimal GUI changes 
Java 7 update: type inference for generic instance creation, that is  Map<String, List<String>> myMap = new HashMap<String, List<String>>(); can be written as Map<String, List<String>> myMap = new HashMap<>();
Updated changelog. 
Tagging 4.4.3 for release. 
Old plugin from CVS. JPyDbg.  
History can be found in CVS still. This is just the HEAD.  
Updates for Java 7: "try" with resources and catching multiple exception types.
When a new Lucene index is created, automatically select it in the indexes combo box. 
Added an option for the systray icon in general option pane and use if a JPopupMenu, more customizable
Updated for new Java 7 constructs.
Forgot to externalize one of the properties. 
added explicit folds
the tray icon is now a service org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.tray.JEditTrayIcon
fixed systray disappearing on Ubuntu
removed a log
fixed a bug in the tray icon manager
 Bumped version for release
Bumped version for release
Bumped version for release 
Bumped version for release 
added flex/lex edit mode
minor coding style changes
when pressing down or up key in search field, the table get the focus (as before) and the key event is also dispatched to the table
modified total size label to tell also the number of plugins that are selected
- Fixed plugin install panel : when the selected plugin had dependencies that   were not visible because of the filtered view, those dependencies were not   installed. Now the install panel will always show selected plugins so you can   know what will be installed
only hide top level windows and check Tray in class name as workaround for linux system tray embedded in a Window
moved buffer.readUnlock() in a finally block, fixing deadlock
updated version

Error Widget now use the same color as Invalid token instead of being always red
trim color property before trying to parse it (less strict)
Removed the highlight subsequence option, too complex for not a good result. The selection highlight do not highlight the current selection anymore so it is easier to see where the       caret is.
Fixed ' changed into &apos in Hypersearch results highlight (#3310376)
-Fixed ' changed into &apos in Hypersearch results highlight (#3310376) -Removed the highlight subsequence option, too complex for not a good result. -The selection highlight do not highlight the current selection anymore so it is easier to see where the      caret is.
fixed offset bug


When removing a plugin, the update and install panel were not refreshed
If the systrayicon service is missing, use swing by default, if swing is missing, no systray icon. Use of Window.getOwnerlessWindows() to get ownerless windows
Updated java edit mode among other things it now highlight special chars like \n \uXXXX unicode, \t, \r in string literal
Added an option pane to set the color and delay before the balloon is hidden 
Docbook 4.4 xsd 
Docbook 4.4 xsd. 
docbook 4.4 xsd 
docbook 4.4 xsd. 
Fix whitespace and an entry's category
Changes to the Look and Feel are now applied immediately without the need to restart the application.
- When changing the Look and Feel on-the-fly, already shown JTrees with   explicitly set TreeCellRenderers were rendered wrongly, now they are robust   in regards to Look and Feel changes. - Added EnhancedTreeCellRenderer to be used as Look and Feel change aware   alternative base class instead of DefaultTreeCellRenderer for custom   TreeCellRenderers.
Generated files.
Added option to compress horizontal whitespace.
Bumped version number, added properties for linear whitespace.
Removed some debugging stuff.
Merge 19724. 
Documentation only. 
Fixed a class loading issue when no GUI (SplashScreen or TrayIcon) was shown on startup. The effects were visible if the VoxSpell plugin was installed and the Markdown plugin was tried to be used.
Implemented feature request #3392131: Support for markersets in the tree 
Fixed in NPE if there is no last selected shell. 
Replace the custom sidekick-remove-marker action in the popup menu with remove-marker 
Added license.
Fixed possible NPE.
docs 
Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception thrown when one file has additional lines at the very bottom. Still need to work on handling this case, it's not quite right.
Tag for release.
Fix for the odd case of the last property in a property file not having a value.
Updated docs and dependencies.
Tag for release.
Updated the tree cell renderer to use EnhancedTreeCellRenderer which can handle LnF changes. 
Updated the tree cell renderer to use EnhancedTreeCellRenderer which can handle LnF changes. 
Fixed an NPE that I introduced when adding the support for markersets. 
MarkdownPlugin, fix #6: a temporary file (preview) is created in the same folder where the buffer is.
moved color painter to a lower level
added missing annotations
Fix for 3394165, threading issue in function player, plus some general code clean up. Bumped version to 1.3.1.
Removed unnecessary line.
3394096 - More info in tray icon hovertip. I wanted to add newlines to this, but it doesn't seem to  let me format text with html or \n chars.   
Update in response to editpaneupdate messages too. 
BufferChanged is the only message we need to listen for... 
Organized imports, and a few API doc changes. 
Fixed a typo.
Moved editbus registration code out of TrayIcon and into the TrayIconManager. 
Return on error. 
Avoid removing nonexistant EBComponent. 
- Only initialize LnF on startup and if it was actually changed.
Moved the systray icon options in the Appearance option pane



First commit of Remote control plugin
fixed escapes in literal
use of services
added challenge
removed wrong import
Fixed loading of jEdit in case of corrupted recent.xml file in the settings (#3396545)
Pressing left arrow when the caret is at the buffer start but in a selection   now cancel the selection as it should do (#3396672)
added welcome service
made methods final as they should be
added option pane
stopping server is fixed
Tagging 1.0 release 
Tagging 1.0 release 

Fixed option pane. Use of services.xml

removed colon
removed unnecessary todo and minor simplification
Fixed several case where userinput during buffer loading cause exceptions (#3398342)
Fixed a corner case when trying to move caret during a buffer operation (loading, transaction, undo) prevent to move the caret forever
Untitled buffer should not be created on VFS without write capability (#3399387)
`elsif compiler directive added to verilog edit mode (#3261277)
fixed sidekick unload
Remove java parser from edit bus when view closes or plugin reloaded.
set some instance variables
some refactoring
fixed challenge
catch unexpected exceptions
Merge request # 3348881:  Fix for browsing non browseable vfs 
Merge req# 3389105 - Error Widget foreground color  
Merge req# 3397964 - Fix jEdit loading when recent.xml is broken  
Untitled buffer should not be created on VFS without write capability   (#3399387) Merge req# 3399665 
Removed items that were merged into jedit 4.4.2.  
added client list panel
removed unused imports
Merge req#3397995:  left arrow when being in a selection at start  
Doc updates only. And removed merged changes.txt entry.  
added viewId and editPaneId to the context
Ability to rename favorites. Renaming a favorite now only apply a label on the favorite without modifying the target file (feature #3292159)
forgot to add the rename caps
Additional mode for CPlex LP files (#3332052) (Kevin Hunter) 
PowerShell mode update (#3316284) (Jeremy)  
Syntax for Macro Scheduler (#3085538) (glen117) 
Got rid of spaces and parantheses around mode name. Small API doc fixes.  
All the other modes are lowercase, make this one consistently named. 
Merge Req# 3399655,  Fixed several case where userinput during buffer loading cause exceptions (#3398342)  
Merge request 3399656 fix for caret not moving.  
Removing entries that were merged into 4.4.2 
Patch 3171013  - add (ESCAPE) to tooltip texts. 
1. Renamed save() of option pane to _save() to comply with recent core changes. 2. Unified the 2 init() methods into one. Getting rid of init() also to comply with recent core changes. 3. Removed some compilation warnings. 4. Add constants for property names that appear multiple times in the option pane. 5. Removed commented-out code. 
added ability to invoke actions directly
fix
Updated the save methods of the option panes according to recent core changes. 
Got rid of compilation warnings. Removed lots of commented-out code, as well as javadoc templates that weren't filled in. 
Removed unused import 
fixing documentation generation.
merge: fixing documentation generation.
fixing build for automated scripts.
merge: fixing build for automated scripts.
Added a delay before sending the first command, in the event where Assistant takes a while to start up and respond to commands.   
Force load MarkerSets plugin to avoid class cast exception (and SideKick failure) when it's not already loaded.
Fixed a bug where ProjectViewer was a required dependency. 
Re-tagging 1.0 
Re-tagging 1.0 
Fixed references to MarkerSetsPlugin, which is an optional dependency. Previously the references caused SideKick to fail without it. 
Now the selection is automatically the searched text that will be searched   with find next and find previous (patch #3035085)
Fix Checkbox Menu not working on OSX (#3155813 patch #3159277)
Fixed NPE when starting jEdit with nosettings (#3401814)
Fix jEdit not starting with nosettings Merge req# 3401858 
added some javadoc
added missing annotations, use of generics, added a few javadoc
use of IOUtilities
Fixed jEdit starting when max heap size is too low to load Killring (#1827853)
reverted rev 19893 because it breaks standalone textArea
Merged Alan's fix (19720), which allows expandVariables to recognize Windows env vars (%name%). 
whitespace fixes
Fix bad changelog merge 
Remove 4.4.x merged entries. 
remove filename globs from the mode files as they are present in the catalog already
fix format errors
- Only initialize LnF on startup and if it was actually changed.
Filename globs for matching edit modes now support specifying a full path as glob with either "/" or "\" as path separator while "\" has to be doubled as it is also the escape character for meta characters. 
add feature request number to CHANGES.txt entry
Improvement of filename glob for apacheconf mode to include more files in the conf directories on Windows and Linux. (part of Feature Request #2557712)  
Update project files
remove left-overs from com.microstar usage
Don't use defaultexcludes when cleaning directories
docbook 4.4 xsd 
Set up IntelliJ so that compilation from the IDE is possible without Ant but to the same directory, so that HotSwap can be used without the need to always restart jEdit. Also adding two new run configurations, one for collecting code coverage data, one for remote debugging without starting the debugee from IntelliJ
change view
Updating ClojureShell to use Classpath 
Updating Clojure and adding Classpath as a dependency. 
Updating dependencies to match Clojure. 
Updating jEdit dependency to 4.4.1 (for ThreadUtilities). 
Tagging 1.2.1 
Tagging 1.0.2 
Fixed jEdit version dependency 
Fixed jEdit version dependency 
Re-tagging 1.2.1 
Re-tagging 1.2.1 
Re-taggig 1.0.2 
Re-tagging 1.0.2 
Added a tooltips to the recent files, showing the path. The status bar may be hidden if the recent file list is long. 
Documented FILE_NAME_GLOB  
Applying patch: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3161330&group_id=588&atid=300588, fixes: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3034220&group_id=588&atid=100588. Also seems to fix the extra view that used to show up when I dragged a text file to the jEdit icon.
Adding changes for 3034220 to change log.
Reverted change from revision 19847, which broke scrolling when the caret goes outside the screen, e.g. by typing at the end of the visible area (right or bottom). 
Undoing rev19847. 
ability to use xml instead of json
global converter should not convert Arrays
javadoc
reverted wrong change
indentation
now it is necessary to register for EBMessages
refactoring
changed doc
doc
Fixed the generated tree. The parser did not allow a new fold to jump back more than a single parent. E.g. in the following file, when using indent folding mode, 'B' would appear in the tree under 'A' instead of being a sibling. A        Intro                tarstrt                artrat B        ttrtratrs C        sdstd  
Added '\n' to the various messages involved in the handshake 
same problem but different solution:  Fixed a corner case when trying to move caret during a buffer operation   (loading, transaction, undo) prevent to move the caret forever
send DynamicMenuChanged asynchronously to prevent deadlock when deleting favorite bug 3406617
Renaming favorite from properties dialog fixed renaming favorite present the favorite label instead of it's path
removed unnecessary modifiers in interface
applied patch #3407202 from Evan Wright
Merging a corrected version of merge req# 3399674  
# 3261277 - s/elseif/elsif  
jEdit not starting with big killring merge req# 3403047  
Merge request #3405235 - Fixed bug in loading files on startup under Mac OS X
Merge request #3405235 - Fixed bug in loading files on startup under Mac OS X
3409117 - electricKeys not documented. 
Bug 3409117 merged into 4.4.x (missing documentation on electricKeys) 
1490882 - unindentThisLine and unindentNextLines lack of documentation  
2469027 Excessively wide <pre> sections in some help pages.  
Do not try to get console if there is no pv.  
Merge request #3358184 - unmerged r19353 (merged in r19418) which broke Java 1.5 support
cleaning up the MacOSX build file and making the MacOSX plugin buildable on any platform
Key mappings was incorrect. Now uses correct detection. Fixes #2959723
Applying patch: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3161330&group_id=588&atid=300588, fixes: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3034220&group_id=588&atid=100588. Also seems to fix the extra view that used to show up when I dragged a text file to the jEdit icon.
correct dependencies and raise version
Fixed bug #3410449 - freeze when switching from a LaTeX buffer
Importing from CVS... 
.. 
From CVS... 
Tagging 1.2.1, initial version from CVS. 
Fixed bug #3406213 that prevented jumping directly to a line inside of a nested fold
Fixed a bug in the last commit
New Version 1.3.0 for review; see Announce.txt
s/Latest Version/Updater/ 
Updated javadoc url. 
Merging doc updates from 4.5 branch. 
Updating trunk to 1.3 
Updating turnk to CharacterMap-1.3 
Added a missing '\n' after EBMessages. 
raise MacOSX plugin version
raise MacOSX plugin version
Setting TERM=dumb Support for ipython as an alternate shell.   
Added index.html 
Undoing previous commit. 
Tag 1.2 for release 
Rewrite the build system  - Use Ivy for retrieving almost all dependencies, making it possible to check out source and just do "ant" to build jEdit without the need of additional downloads or properties being set. Only for things that need to be installed, which is InnoSetup for building the windows installer and wine, if InnoSetup should be used on a system other than Windows, need to be installed and setup manually in build.properties. - Use ant-contrib tasks for better readable and understandable build file and more performant builds with using contrib:runtarget where possible. - Use Ivy to pull in bundled plugins from plugin central. - Use saxon for documentation to be able to pull in a system independent XSLT processor with Ivy. 
Font Substitution Feature implemented in CharacterMap.
Documentation update
Put font substitution fix also in tag 1.3.0
Small compatibility fix CharacterMap
Default Focus on Tree, not filter field.  Added changelog entry for version 1.3 in docs.    
Fixed an NPE that occurred when re-opening jEdit on Mac OS X
Fixed an NPE that occurred when closing a view
Made DisplayManager._expandFold private, as it should be
Generate a useful stack trace when a component on the edit bus generates an exception
small documentation addition
A better solution to get usable stack traces for exceptions on the edit bus
CharacterMap: Code tidy up, Fixed rendering for large font size
Add another check for ant-optional to improve recognition
<Apply> and <save> buttons update now the plugin. Small fixes.
CharacterMap finished. Docking right is perhaps best.
Sorry. still a little error in doc.
fixing build scripts to work with release scripts.
merge: fixing build scripts to work with release scripts.

fix independent textarea
adapt to rewritten build script
add .git to the skip dirs for packaging plugin source packages
Move releasing-jedit.txt to jEdit/doc 
Remove the need to manually select the correct jEdit directory as it is the parent directory of releasing-jedit.txt now
mention explicitly in release-procedure.txt to create separate merge requests for each target branch
remove build-support from source package as the plugins are used pre-built via Ivy now
remove build-support dependency from README.SRC.txt
use another catch instead of instanceof check
removed unused import and added missing annotations
Added support for the newline character in electricKeys
Charactermap build.xml is more standard now.
Fixed tracker #3412237, which caused lines to disappear when using indent folding if every line was indented
Fix for tracker 3382969, tight loop on dot complete.
Updated to svnkit 1.3.5 Added a file filter importer that runs an external svn command.   
Charactermap build.xml + build.properties.sample again
Added a button to delete killring if it is too big to be loaded (the other options are still start without loading it or stop jEdit.) Also added GUIUtilities.option() that is used to show this dialog
Added an importer service. Also checked for 0 files returned.  
Better use of cantFind flag. 
use of ivy
Charactermap tidy up indentation everywhere
Import filter now uses svn info -R . 
Remove duplicate entry in importers list. 
Check for Ant not being 1.8.1 due to a classloading bug in the <xslt> task
added NoWelcome that always says welcome without any check
added serialization for BufferSet
# 3415682 - encoding buffer local property not documented. 
Merge 3415682. 
fix bug #3052815 "Update silently fails with wrong proxy password", adding detailed error messages for common cases. 
add documentation for Hyperlinks support 
apply plugin patch #3175336 "sidekick: fix completionpopup regarding macro recorder" 
Merge request # 3411197 - Merge fix for jumping to a line in a nested fold 
Merge req# 3389428: Update and install panel not refreshed 
Merge request# 3413821 - Merge fix for disappearing lines using indent folding 
test data for plugin bug #3393297 
project file update
Explained encoding detectors in the encodings docs. 
fix plugin bug #3389424 - Sidekick Edit Tag dialog does not get keyboard focus (Mac) 
use HistoryModel.setMax() instead of setSize() to prevent NullPointerExceptions on saving 
use url links as fallback in HTML and XML 
use SideKickTagHighlight by default, less verbose SideKickTagHighlight 
separate parsing in 2 phases :  1- parse with xinclude, validation, xml.root, etc. on, to construct the CompletionInfo and grab Ids in all documents  2- parse with everything disabled to get the SideKick tree  this allows for the xi:include elements to show up in the SideKick tree 
fix plugin bug #3393297 - XMLPlugin doesn't find DTD upon second parse using a workaround to a Xerces bug 
add svn:keywords 
more svn:keywords 
Fix for caret not moving - merge req# 3399656 (2nd try).   
Overridden action not restored after macro reload - merge req#3165318 
Merge req# 3165314 - Shortcuts displayed twice in options 
Removed items that were merged in 4.4.x. 
Added missing imports. 
New VFS Browser action: "Open in desktop" (feature# 3406759)    
2664611 - Console: Exception in "change dir to PV selected node" 
2928305 - Console / ErrorList doesn't show Perl lint errors  
fix some syntax with namespaces
fix hyperlinks
fix some hyperlinks
#3192472: Updates for 4.5pre1. 
Tagging 1.7 for release. 
no need to set plugin-blacklist.pluginname to false, removing the property does the same job and make the properties file smaller.
fix selectItemAtPositionSinglecombo called when the buffer has not been completely parsed
simplified if test
the parser is more robust when a bug occurs
fix stability
fix catch using namespaces
refactoring
better hyperlinks
Tagging 4.4.2 for release.
refactoring
Update the version number to 4.4.3
Docs only. 
added GPL licence
more hyperlinks
removed unused class
bundling the XML Schema (XSD) schema 
bundle templates for use with the Templates plugin 
update project version
better hyperlinks
better hyperlinks
better hyperlinks
remove override of AbstractOptionPane.save() because it's final since r19836 (will be in jEdit 4.5) 
remove dependency on GnuRegexp plugin, since use of gnu.regexp has been removed 
fix for bug 3423954
Debian repository metadata is now generated during normal build procedure
project loading is now threaded
Updated plugin version
Updated plugin version
added description



The IO Progress Monitor dockable panel is now included in Task Monitor Panel   (feature #3420671)
Added edit mode for vala language (patch #3407321)
fixed macro broken since api changes
Optimize performances of HistoryModel (patch #3185856)
New method TextAreaPainter.getRenderingHints() expose the rendering hints (patch #2973861)
Fixing build.xml to work with automated scripts. Changing install.dir usage to jedit.plugins.dir.
Merge: Fixing build.xml to work with automated scripts. Changing install.dir usage to jedit.plugins.dir.
Updating build scripts to generate docs properly using new plugin-build.xml.
merge: Updating build scripts to generate docs properly using new plugin-build.xml.
Bumping depends. 
Disabled search dialog pool by default on OS X to avoid dialogs showing up in the wrong space (see discussion on jEdit-users on 2011-10-05)
Rebalanced explicit folds
Fixed a potential bug (actual bug in a forthcoming plugin) causing inconsistent syntax highlighting

fixed detection of used variables of throw statements
Fixed when a string is starting with \n (#3425249)
fixed a bug in namespaces
Fixed parsing of abstract methods
Added a few items for "what's new in 4.5". 

I/O Progress Monitor is gone. Now it's task monitor. 
merge doc update. 
Bumping version to 4.6pre1 
rollback version requirement

Recreating 1.4.1 tag from trunk.
Add Unit testing with JUnit and full Hamcrest to the build process
Cleaning up FAQ, removing repeated legal notice, all copyright notices, fixed up the revision history, updated for jEdit 4.6.  
Fixing XML validation errors. 
More FAQ cleanup. 
Fix whitespace error
minor changes and refactoring
Bumping version to 5.0pre1. 
s/4.6/5.0 
Cleanup of CHANGES.txt, removed an item that was merged into 4.4.x. Merged FAQ updates from trunk...  
Compiling. 
Merging FAQ updates. 
minor changes
updated for lucene 3.4 api
removed unused code
added progress observers
minor changes
added annotations and fixed things for Lucene 3.4
+eric berry 
Doc changes only. 
removed use of save() in OptionPane (it should be _save())
removed use of save() in OptionPane (it should be _save())
removed use of save() in OptionPane (it should be _save())
fix deleteFolder method
SF Patch #1950147 (modified): Changed menus to use Mac-specific symbols for accelerator keys when using OS X and the native look & feel
Added support for the "part" document division. 
Replaced the badly broken end-of-asset determination method
Got rid of deprecation warnings. 
minor changes
Documented keyboard shortcuts. 
Forgot about Ctrl+U. 
Ctrl-Z + Ctrl-Enter added to list. 
updating docs.upload 
simplified label
beginning of jEdit's keymap api
fix KeymapManager to find system keymaps on Mac OS X   - working dir is then /Applications and jedithome is /Applications/jEdit.app/Contents/Resources/Java)  - filenames are not case sensitive but fixing names in jedit.props anyway 
include keymaps in installers 
upgrade to release 13 of the hunspell JNA bindings from Flemming Frandsen, keeping own patch upgrade to jna 3.3.0 (for OS X x86_64 support) 
use updated dictionary listing location 
those properties are not used
added comments to explicit folds
added annotations
added javadoc and explicit folds
the KeymapImpl do not need to be public
added docs and new api methods
only set shortcut if it is different
more changes in option pane, but still work to do
fixed delete user keymap
keymaps folder in user directory should have the same name.
use the Fest framework 
VoxSpell as an optional dependency depend on latest versions of plugins depend on jdk 1.6 
update doc for R007 release 
tagging SpellCheck R007 for release
added a confirm dialog when deleting the keymap
TextUtilities.join() now accept Collection<?> instead of Collection<String>
Fixed use namespace syntax when declaring multiple namespaces (#3428773)
use of @EBHandler
Fixed a bug introduced by r20146
fixed an exception when searching for an empty string

Added an option to use the native Quartz renderer on Mac OS X
Initial import
Adding tags and branches directories
Tagging version 0.1 for release
Don't show svn console on diff, it doesn't show much and it doesn't restore the view to the previous tab, which is a pain.
Fix potential deadlock, put svn console text pane updates in edt.
removed unnecessary public and added licence
some simplifications
some simplifications
Created an option to disable automatic indentation, and an accompanying status bar widget
Forgot a file on the last commit
FileTextField: set current file when popping up file chooser. 
Fix a bug when trying to use a look & fell that doesn't exist anymore (install and uninstall Substance for example)

minor changes
removed a variable that do not exist anymore
api for quicksearch gui
started implementation of a quicksearch
Refactored to use FileTextField in common.gui. 
Fixed compiler error.  
fixed a bug in catch clauses
updated doc
cleanup
delete the index when reindexing
added two index to switch between them
optionpane should be initialized in _init()
escape cleanup the searchfield
a few fixes

added annotations
Small fixes to faq to make it more easily editable. 
Bumping version. Depends. Adding authors. 
searchfield is cleared when selecting an item
VFSPathFileList added
more changes about the smartopen feature
removed unused import
better search
fixed search
Attempt at rewriting the macromanager to use standard XML parser. 
Use XMLUtilities. 
Got rid of compilation warnings. 
fixed properties
cleanup imports
added ProjectViewer index
Fixed SF bug #3163058: middle mouse button paste doesn't respect gutter selection 
monitor project change
added smartopen frame
added doc
added ivy.xml
major cleanup
escape close the window
allow wildcard search
Fixed bad default setting
Removed unneeded code. 
Removed commented-out code 
added camelcase support 
removed getWidth() method since it is not useful
refactoring and new menu
more cleanup
added a menu
Bumped the version number for release
Tagging version 0.5.9 for release
removed stupid test code
made some fields final
updating build.xml to work with build scripts.
merge: updating build.xml to work with build scripts.
Fixing docs and classpath for release scripts.
Fixing build to work with release scripts.
encoding= must appear at the top of the file (bug# 3415682) 
Merging docs fixes. 
added for backward compatibility requestFocusWorker
added annotations and made fields final
Removed incorrect statement about python detector recognizing the syntax of the buffer-local properties.  
Merging doc fix. 
finally SmartOpen will be another plugin



toolbar fix
initial commit of SmartOpen plugin
Removed note that L&F changes require restart. 
Restart no longer required for L&F changes. 
Added buffer-local-property to the list of default detectors.  
cleanup of buffer-local properties and comments. 
the popup window is now limited to the screen width
the ConnectionManager need the secure parameter to know if it needs to use a secure connection dialog or not (in case where the path is not specified.
some fixes
Fixed use of namespace syntax in some expressions (#3435702)
removed a wrong dependency
fixed dependencies
added lucene dependency
Fixed typo in depends. 
Fix GenerateTocXML to compile under Java 7.  Seems to work just like before.
Add a 'break' for correctness.
create the user keymap folder when duplicating a keymap
Made explicit the two global "close" actions. And grouped them together too.  
Tooltip merge from trunk. 
updating todo 
Feature request # 3421659: New Action: Close All (local)  
Catch viewupdate.closed ebmessages and remove console from the editbus.  Helps avoid a NPE on exit caused by the project tree listener, for example.  
Making console shutdown more cleanly.  
Raise Ant requirement to 1.8.2 or newer
added new shortcuts
made fields final
the default keymap is jEdit not jedit
remove unnecessary include and fix broken dist-file cleanup
added old keymap migration
Documented keymaps. Removed references to jedit_keys.props. Added an emacsey keymap. 
fix wrong doclet implementation to proper option usage
Added some missing shortcuts... 
Cleaned up emacsey, added some icons and tooltips to actions. 
fix binary compatibility bug that I introducted
added constant for default keymap name
updated more shortcuts
Only call Ivy once during build process
Doc updates for keymaps. Renamed emacsey to Emacs keymap.  
Removed some crap.  
Added array variable and access completion
Issue # 1571578 - can't use keyboard to popup menus in file system browser.  
Fixed sample code lines in plugin documentation. 
added smart-open and smartopen actions, and an option to show smartopen toolbar
added explicit folds
added @Override annotation
added monitoring of project updates
added in memory index
fixed smartopen option pane name
Fix for #3434527 - Still focus on wrong line with folded target
fixed NPE
better support for label
added a label
Fixed jEdit that doesn't remember the PHPParser option pane

3415064-Options, Edit shortcuts combo doesn't consume enter  
Added a simplified auto indentation scheme and documented this and the previous indentation change
Added some icons. 
Removed some crap. 
Docs. 
Corrected mistakes in deep indent example. 
#3435310 - Dockable framework should be in DockableOptions.  
Renaming some things that need renaming. 
Bad xref. 
Made emacs keymap more like emacs.  
Merge request 3436892, call ivy only once.  
Moving combokeylistener into its own class in case it should be reused in other option panes.  
Added combokeylisteners to every combo box in jedit's options. (!). If this is not really necessary and there is a better way to do this, I wish I knew.   
Updated changes. 
Found a better approach - added the combokeylistener from AbstractOptionPane and removed it from all of the individual option panes. Now it works for plugins too without any code changes.  
Attempt to fix # 1794400. bg color in alternate L&Fs is not correct.  
Got rid of the "use jEdit BG color" button.  Use jEdit BG color always if the "use textarea colors" appearance option is checked.  
Got rid of the check for white.  
fixed a bug when checking existing shortcuts
fixed build when internet connection is down
Documentation. 
Respecting "use textArea colors" under metal and nimbus L&F.  
Tweaking applyTextAreaColors() 
Added tooltip. 
Got rid of EnhancedDialog's keylistener, as well as the ComboKeyListener, since the two of them were basically cancelling each other out.   
Removed ComboKeyListener. Fixed the Enhanced Dialog  KeyHandler to not be so greedy about return keys.  
Close popup on escape from enhanced dialog keyhandler.  
Better combokey handling in enhanced dialog. 
Fixed indentation. Added a JTextPane case too. 
Added a fix for inline-defined variables and a rough fix for enums
s/4.6/5 
Return does not pull down the menu in comboboxes anymore.  It selects the item if the pulldown is already visible, and otherwise it  becomes "ok" for the dialog.   
Indentation. 
Added a warning about using elastic tabstops.. 
added another tooltip.  
Added another tooltip. 
Tooltip for never mark untitled buffers dirty. 
Documentation. Got rid of copyright notices from the users guide, replaced with a version history section.   
typo in tooltip. 
fixed a memory leak: after parsing a buffer, the buffer was kept in memory even if it is closed
Added support for goto with code analysis



imported FirstMate plugin
new version

removed javacc from build
jEdit is now always using continuous layout in JSplitPane
fixed a reindexation bug
fixed option pane name
Highlight are now round rect making distinction between selection and highlight easier to see.
removed commented code
added annotations
Fixed Highlight overview not updated when there is no word to highlight Highlight overview now use the color of the current word highlight
removed logs
Highlight colors are now underlined instead of filled rectangle
changed color layer
memory index is now default
remove files before adding other files
major speed enhancement
Guarded encoding property from being set as a buffer local property. It caused confusion when it was set to a different encoding other than one actually used at loading or saving the buffer. (SF.net patch #3434651, for bug #1643580, tweaked a bit by me) 
Updated the docs to reflect the fact that :encoding=XXX: is not a buffer-local property. This is a follow up for r20375. 
Added buffer-local-property to list of encoding detectors. (Reviewed and accepted SF.net merge request #3435266) 
fix whitespaces in CHANGES.txt
Tagging 4.5pre1 for release.
update to latest version
Update the version number to 4.5pre2
add some variables to releasing-jedit.txt
add some variables to releasing-jedit.txt
add spreading to the community page to releasing-jedit.txt
add spreading to the community page to releasing-jedit.txt
3153058 - Console Patch (w/ compilation improvements) 
fix platform specific installation instructions (Bug #1991217)
fix paths to be new style
fix paths to be new style
Missing files from last commit. Also added some documentation.  
Missing property... 
s/Commands/Console 
fix whitespaces
3440506 - Favorites Button stops working after add/remove. 
Use MiscUtilities.abbreviate() for favorites that were not renamed.  
Feature request# 2510763 - Store .jedit user settings in %APPDATA% on Windows 
Changelog. 
fix whitespaces
fix bug #3437212: make jEdit buildable offline
Simplified and added a null check.  
Bug #3438680: When parsing buffer-local properties, there was a problem with escape processing that prevented buffer-local properties to be read sometimes
Comment changes only. 
Comments and code formatting. 
Adding the Substance source files. The Substance project isn't being maintained at the moment, so I'm keeping a copy of files that work as part of this plugin source code.
Updated Substance jars.
Adding the Substance source files. The Substance project isn't being maintained at the moment, so I'm keeping a copy of files that work as part of this plugin source code.
Automatically expand all folds since JDiff doesn't work well with folded files.
Merge request# 3433905 for bug# 3163058. middle mouse button paste.  
Merge request#3440289, guard encoding from being set as buffer-local property.  
3440537 - Make buildable offline.  
Fix for tracker 3394593, added scroll pane for option panes.
bumped version. 
removed obsolete lock
Fix for tracker #3441535, message boxes not being created on EDT results in tiny, non-resizable message boxes.
Always use \n for line separator since Buffer uses that internally.
Generated files.

added fromString(String type) method
fixed code analysis of list() expressions
Replaced Asset by IAsset (patch #2831560)
Removed items that were merged into 4.5.x 
Merge Req# 3440629 for Bug# 3438680: Buffer-local properties at the end of the buffer and escaping.  
Renamed build.properties file to .sample 
added some method definitions
bugfix
refactored warnings
added more type analysis
FAQ updates. 
Bug#2360096 - Beanshell error for TOGGLE_ENTRY.  
Getting rid of use of bsh variable "wm" since it seems to not always be defined.   
Added a hasJava17() method.  
OperatingSystem.isOS2() method is removed since OS2 cannot run jEdit since many years
use isWindows() instead of isDOSDerived() method
OperatingSystem.isDOSDerived() is now deprecated since OS2 do not exists anymore Windows is the only DOS derived OS, so use OperatingSystem.isWindows() instead
Bumping version. 

removed unused import

added resource type
added void type
Created tag sessions_1_5_1.
Updated dependencies (requires jEdit 4.5pre1 with JDK 1.6).
Created tag sessions_1_5_1.
Created tag sessions_1_5_1.

Got rid of the "line-based index", which adds complexity to the plugin with no real added-value. 
Added a crossplatform option to MiscUtilities.abbreviate().   
Check that PV plugin isn't broken before attempting to use it.
Fix for tracker 3366279 (occasional NPE) and some code cleanup.
Bumped version to 2.4.
tagging for release
merge: fixing build to work with release scripts.
Don't create multiple copies of the search dialog when Debug.DISABLE_SEARCH_DIALOG_POOL is true
3432974 - LaTex indentation a nuisance.   
Updating changelog.  
Patch for bug# 3411490 - SideKick: C+VK_UP expands tree (Jarek Czekalski)  
3411887 - SideKick: C+VK_UP not documented  
Bumped version. 
Fixed docs, added description. 
718460 - Clearcase plugin browse broken 
Updated changelog. 
Updated changelog. 
Console depends on ErrorList so ErrorList should appear before Console in the depends list.  
Changelog. 
Rollback 20447 

added missing description


Faq/tips related to source code control plugins. 
# 1668756 - Rakefile ruby mode  
changelog. 
whitespace fix
update SF community growth hacker
update SF community growth hacker
OS/2 tasks were removed from the Java installer as OS/2 does not have a working Java 6 implementation and probably never will have
html5 dtd draft. 
fixed ivy


Fixed SF bug #3445893: Sidekick unable to clear checkbox tree/combo follows The plugin option pane set the value of the checkbox from the mode-specific property, but set the global property. 
Docs cleanup. 
Tagging 1.0.3 for release. 
updated dependency to at least 4.3

Fixed a NPE when trying to activate a plugin if one of it's dependencies is missing(#2077205)
upgrade lucene to 3.5 and better handling of filetype
Added a new dialog window with WhiteSpace buffer options, duplicating plugin menu checkboxes, patch #3433672
Added a new dialog window with buffer options, forgotten new files for r20488
Updated AntPlugin to 1.8.2 
removing tag that doesn't exist. 
Bumping version depends. 
oops. Console 4.4.4 is not out yet... 
fixing build to include lib/*.jar in dist target.
merge: fixing build to include lib/*.jar in dist target.
3443473 - ClassPath breaks ProjectViewer's save last-node info on exit  
Bumping version. 
updated ProjectViewer dependency to 3.2
added ivy.xml
Removing 192mb heap limit. 
Docs. 
Fixed a NPE when trying to activate a plugin if one of it's dependencies is   missing (#2077205) (Matthieu Casanova)   Merge req# 3448334  
use of ivy and moved to ant 1.8.2
Fixed the way Classpath was keeping projects set (from ProjectViewer) up-to-date. It was failing at startup and on project change.
Added changelog. 
show GPL only as information in Windows installer as a user does not need to accept the license
Cosmetics: removal of unused imports
cleanup
fixed jEdit that do not remember the superabbrevs optionpane
outstanding issues charactermap
Fixed a regression preventing from adding new highlights

now ant is downloaded by the build.xml
added numbers and double types
added php function list
added function list
updated parser
support for alternative signature
version 2
Reorganized users guide.  
Respect the "Restore previously-open files on startup" setting on reopen and file open actions
fixed doc
added a documentation


Use MiscUtilities.abbreviate instead of just doing s/$HOME/~   
2933787: Console completion of built-ins. 
Fixed handling of loading of VPTNodes other than VPTProject, thus getting rid of a cast exception
fixed type compatibility
fixed parsing of class access function call
Update View's proxy icon path when saving a file
Fixed plugin bugs #2800697 - Unable to drag proxy icon
Buffers with no file on disk should not have a proxy icon
added zen coding feature
Bug 1542027. 
Bug# 1542027. 
Bug 1542027 
Bug # 1542027.  
Bug# 1542027 
Bug# 1542027 
Bug 1542027  
Bug 1542027. 
Bug#1542027 
Bug 1542027 
Early initialization of FileSystemView in FileVFS broke Quartz rendering on OS X
Bug 1542027 
Bug 1542027 
Bug 1542027 
Bug 1542027 
Documented F10 to access the menubar. patch# 2829137 
Removed junk file. 
Moved build.properties, added some sample sensible options,  removed the .xsl file that is provided in build-support/  
made line numbers in the gutter default to true. 
3404087 - Include a desktop file. 
Also hide the regular view bufferswitcher. 
More sensible defaults. 
Fix for tracker 846913, jsp syntax highlighting for single line comments.
Updated docs to docbook 4.4. Updated build script to use build-support. Broke changelog.txt out of docs.  
Merge Request# 3444465  Fixed #3434527: Jump to wrong line with folded target (Evan Wright)  
New API introduced in jEdit 4.5pre2. 
doc comments. 
Fix for tracker 3165177, method/function names not always highlighted.
Corrected remaining parse errors.  
Fix for tracker 2976661, script tag attributes not syntax highlighted.
Adjustment to java mode function highlighting to define method names as starting with space or dot, not just space.
Updating changelog. 
Emacs improvements.  
since nobody had a problem with migration (or nobody told it), now the migration will remove old properties
Emit positionChanging on paste.  
added @Override annotation
added annotations and comments
Added select all and select none buttons to PingPongList fixing a bug in   EncodingsOptionPane (#3434850)
Fixed typo. 
The Java based installer now correctly handles GNU style long filenames in the installer package and thus does not corrupt the JavaDoc files anymore (Bug #2327520)
added annotations, changed some visibility and cleanup
Fixed copy of Hypersearch results adding \r in the clipboard (#3142456)
Fixed copy of Hypersearch results adding \r in the clipboard (#3142456)
Fixed Copy_Line macro that was copying one character of the next line (#3454377)
emit propertiesChanged after a plugin is loaded or unloaded. 
Removing un-helpful comments in startup script as per kazutoshi's suggestion in merge request# 3449003 
added missing brace
fixed indentation
Added an option pane for quartz rendering, alternative keyboard dispatcher, and disabling option key shortcuts
Show shortcut modifier symbols in standard order on OS X
Moved Quartz rendering option to OS X plugin option pane
Added an option to use ordinary accelerator labels on screen menu bar (on OS X) rather than ugly drawn-in shortcut labels
Added an option to use ordinary accelerator labels on screen menu bar rather than ugly drawn-in shortcut labels
Added a first approximation to an Mac-standard keymap
Tagging for 1.0.1 release 
minor code change, use of Properties methods instead of HashMap
When highlighting current word, the word under the caret is not filled with color but has only a square around it to help readability
merged methods in explicit folds and fixed indentation
factored some duplicate code
Before pasting from clipboard the EOL characters are cleaned up to add better protection against that bug #3142456
Revert changes in 20562 as it didn't work correctly.
The EditingOptionPane has now an option to remember the user choice about large file treatment
Large file mode text description dialog (#3456370)
Using no highlight or limited syntax highlight in large buffers now also disable soft wrap

Using no highlight or limited syntax highlight in large buffers now disable highlight of very long lines
if largeBufferSize property is 0, the large buffer handling is deactivated
removed call of deprecated Buffer.getFile() method
removed duplicate entry
Updated tips.  
Updated tips, changelog. 
added an option to activate/deactivate ZenCoding, and ZenCoding activated in other modes than html
fixed some bugs in parsing
Minor change to option pane label
complete rewrite of ZenCoding parser
Added support for find previous when searching in multiple files
Fixed some typos and validation errors in the docs. Updated to docbook 4.4 xsd. 
Fixed some grammar mistakes.  
Feature request# 1591441. new action: save-as (fsb)  
Better accelerator key.  
New option in Saving and Backup pane: Use File System Browser dir for   Save-As (# 1591441)   
fixed wrong shortcut
Replaced StringBuffer with StringBuilder

Added some missing shortcuts from emacs. 
Better option label. 
no comment
added ivy.xml to get jUnit
no comment
no comment
no comment
Initial commit. This is not a copy from cvs, this plugin has a lot of changes here that are not in cvs, including using the latest JTidy library (rather than using the JTidy source code directly) and integration with the Beauty plugin.
Added description to props file.
Bug 1542027. 
Updated docs to 4.4 xsd. 
Got rid of mention of "default" edit mode from the large buffer mode.  
added @Deprecated annotation use of String.isEmpty() method
Fixing some labels.  
use of ant to build the ZenParser,  fixed ZenCoding parsing with tags containing numbers
added javadoc
Added instructions on how to get a thread dump after a hang/lockup.  
Added an option to choose if highlight overview should use the same highlight color as the highlight or another color
inlined code from _preprocessKeyEvent(KeyEvent evt)
Added mention of visualvm in faq.  
More typos.  
fixed a NPE when ant command is net set
the parent folder is bold
the parent folder is bold
Fixed removed files from projects
updates
Tagging for release.
Bug 1542027. 
Bug# 1542027 
fixed ItemFinderWindow that was not closed when loosing focus (3445536)

Fix for tracker 606971.
Handling of different projects in different views (#3453169)
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Moving functionality of Optional Plugin into core. Feature request # 3455602  
Mostly doc comments but make global options remember last used tab like combinedoptions does.  
added ability to set the initial text of ItemFinder


Use the word at caret to initialize the search dialog (feature #3461196)
use .ivy2 as ivy home like jEdit core
Comments/folds and formatting.  
Broke CHANGELOG out of xml file and into its own .txt file.  
Javadoc documentation update 



first commit of JavaFX browser
Code cleanup.
no comment
Tagging for release.
Latest jars, build file update to build substance jars.
Doc update.
Added a note to inform a way to really remove "-Xmx192M" for those who upgraded from 4.4.x on Windows. 
Handle possible case of empty message queue.
tag is empty, recreating it.
recreating 1.1 tag.
making work with release scripts. Changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir for plugin dependencies.
merge: making work with release scripts. Changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir for plugin dependencies.
word at caret is default text when opening SmartOpen dialog but not if multiline
Adjustment in layout of options panel.
Cache status for PV, this is to improve performance with large projects.
Minor updates to build file for tests.
Branch for svnkit 1.7.0 implementing svn 1.7.
svnkit 1.7 jar files
Fixed warning about generics.
Temporarily removed items for merge, cleanup, and resolve operations as those don't work with svnkit 1.7 alpha.
Temporarily removed checkbox for svn diff as svn diff doesn't work with svnkit 1.7 alpha. Regular diff works fine because it uses JDiff to do a diff between two revisions.
Adjusted build file to include new svnkit libraries.
fixed one letter tag
added missing @Override annotations and fixed some brace placement
Fixed Ctrl + key not working in completion popup I don't see any reason to consume control event keys
added support for inner text
Fix for tracker 3464344, some tree highlighting and key handling issues.
added support for inner text and serializers
When choosing 'Global Options...' from the menu, the Global Options should be opened, not the last opened tab in the combined dialog. 
Added an entry in CHANGES.txt to note the real fix for bug #3142456. 
Reviewed and accepted SF.net merge request #3462488: \r could be pasted from clipboard into buffer. (SF.net bug #3142456)  The entry in CHANGES.txt was added by me. 
Removed unnecessary field and computation. Only the last Mode added for a name is used, and there is no need to keep others in ModeProvider. 
removed ProjectViewer since it is not on SVN anymore and added SmartOpen
Better check for binary files, using a combination of known binary file extensions and jEdit's MiscUtilities.
Initial implementation of parse whole files rather than just comments.
Don't trim leading character, just go with the regex as is.
Fix for tracker 3466508, refresh dockable on task type pattern change.
Check for binary file before adding to parse list.
Remove .txt as an identifier for a binary file.
Updated 'to do' comments. 
updated dependencies

Additional fix for tracker 3466508, refresh/reparse after adding or removing task type.
Optimization and NPE avoidance.
added FirstMate in externals
charactermap build.xml improved 
Support for Higher Unicode Planes added. (1 Million Characters instead of 65536) Can be enabled in Options. Code in UnicodeData.java restructured.   
added EditorScheme in externals
I remmoved ErrorList by mistake from externals
Updating policy for Console plugin. 
Updates to binary file handling.
Fix for tracker 3470234, commit comment history drop down not visible.
Fix for tracker 3470234, commit comment history drop down not visible.

Small fixes in Makefile and Documentation
fixed namespaces parsing (bug #3469455)
Skip hidden files and directories.
Added ability to actually show the binary file option pane.
Code cleanup.
Check for non-null mode, skip parsing files where mode is unknown.
fixed ErrotList -> ErrorList
updated MarkerSet dependency
compress jedit-textArea.jar library
Fixed standalone textArea that was broken since keymaps api
#3468368 - Combined Options Pane initially size 0  
Fix for tracker 3470242, resizing commit dialog doesn't resize text area and adds too much blank space at the bottom of the dialog.
Fix for tracker 3470242, resizing commit dialog doesn't resize text area and adds too much blank space at the bottom of the dialog.
Fixed more namespace syntax (#3471383)
Reformatting and grammar.  
Charmap Option Panel reworked, Bug in description removed
Fixed more namespace syntax (#3471497)
updated vrml2 edit mode (patch #3471586)
When copying a file in VFSBrowser, if a file with the same name already exists a suffix copy-n is added to avoid deleting the existing file (#3470759)
moved private methods to the end of the file added explicit folds fixed the case where the session is null
Save persistently the splitter positions.  
Cleanup, save position of splitter. 
Moving buffer-local props together.  
Charmap: Better property names, Explicit folding 
If I'm unable to create a unique filename I will not copy it and show an error
added explicit fold and more space after the filename
Pasting a VFSFile as String dataflavor will now paste the full path instead of the name of the file
Better property names finished. 
Updating maintainer/committers list. 
Charmap: change of encoding and row size depending on jEdit Buffer and Font 
Charmap: property names (continued)
Fixing annoying disappearing sidebar issue with when infoviewer is a replacement for helpviewer.  
Updating todo.  
Made activity log line limit 250 in make-bug-report so it shows plugin activated messages too.. 
Added "combined-options" action.  
Improved handling of project compile/run commands
Cleaning up the bug
New method MiscUtilities.getCompleteBaseName() to return the complete base name of a file (until the last .)
refactored keymap package to org.jedit.keymap
refactored migration package to org.jedit package
Moved recently added classes to new org.jedit package.  
Reformatted to 80 columns 
Charmap: Java 7: Raw Types avoided as far as possible,  Warnings removed. UnicodeData.java simplified
Standarize Buffer Switcher combo, patch 3456572, bug 3408584
Merge request # 3453932: - Added select all and select none buttons to PingPongList fixing a bug in   EncodingsOptionPane (#3434850)  
Removed deprecation warnings in PluginOptionGroup.  Removed 4.5.x merged bugfix from changelog.    Keyboard Shortcuts bound to combined options instead of global options.   
Removed a rogue -Xmx192M in the build script.  
Added support for highlighted text being sent to stdin
Charmap encoding change triggers Buffer encoding change
fixed namespace parsing bug in instanceof statement #3473467
Removing old version of jcterm. 
Fixed java mode quote escape issue
Fixed bug 3166898 - selected text is now passed to standard input
the constant is of type unknown
Better way to paste multiple files to VFS Browser  - New constructors for CopyFileWorker:   CopyFileWorker(Component comp, VFSFile[] vfsFiles, String target)   CopyFileWorker(Component comp, VFSFile[] vfsFiles, String target,    			Behavior behavior)   CopyFileWorker(Component comp, File[] files, String target)   CopyFileWorker(Component comp, File[] files, String target, Behavior behavior)   to allow copy of multiple files at the same time    - New VFS.copy() methods:   copy(ProgressObserver progress, VFS sourceVFS, Object sourceSession,   	String sourcePath, VFS targetVFS, Object targetSession,   	String targetPath, Component comp, boolean canStop,   	boolean sendVFSUpdate)   copy(ProgressObserver progress, String sourcePath,String targetPath,    	Component comp, boolean canStop, boolean sendVFSUpdate) 
Plugin to assist in Android app development.
no comment
no comment
no comment
Initial commit, basic functionality works.
Committed to wrong location.
Initial commit.
Sort targets in drop down.
Adjusted depends versions.
Doc update.
Doc update.
Merge req#3454524 - fixed copy lines macro. 
New option to restore previous webpage on startup. 
Fixed combined options action so it restores previous tab. Also removed a changelog entry that was merged into 4.5.x.  
Documentation comment changes only.  
merged revision 20579 (sending propertiesChanged() after plugin load/unload req #3454553
adding a test case for plugin feature request #1693302 XML plugin allow extension-xsd association 
fix Plugin Bugs #3459308 "XML Plugin NPE When stopping" 
let one disable in-memory caching 
updated testcase for hyperlinks highlighting (pb with line wrap) 
remove leftovers from HTML parser 
remove debug messages 
Merge req# 3456373 - Large file mode dialog error.  
New method getBaseName(), to replace the badly named getFileNameNoExtension, which is now deprecated. API Doc improvements.  
Updated changelog. 
Charmap: No insertion of characters which cannot be encoded. Documentation update
Charmap: New Tag
Charmap: Revert last commit
Tag CharacterMap-1.3.1
s/netscape/firefox 
Removed extra open url with firefox option. Firefox is the default external browser.  
javadoc: undo my change in documentation 
Major simplification of phpdoc to make it look more like javadoc (#1803310, #3029383, #3316733)
Removed special highlight for object access in php edit mode (#2985508)
Removed special highlight for object instantiation (#3151072)
better handling of exceptions: less stack traces and more informative messages schema4schemas.xsd was not found 
update dependency list in userguide 
tagging XML plugin 2.8.1 for release 
going on with 2.8.2 
Added a check for 0 size in history model.  
Updated D edit mode (#3463009 - Olivier Pisano) 
Charmap small hotfix
charmap small hotfix (2) 
added explicit folds
Fixed rectangular selection constructor (patch #3440310)
Class name was being removed, eg. "class Runner extends..." was becoming "class extends..."
Don't insert extra blank lines after "break" and "continue".
One message box is enough, don't need one per file.
Bumped version numbers.
3474515 - MiscUtilities.expandVariables does not expand ~ 
Only show message if there is a message to show.
Fix for tracker 3463098, account for extra vertical line spacing in highlighting and local overview.
tag for release
Fix for tracker #3472904, better results layout and better placement of popup menu. Tracker 3472904
Adjusted location of popup menu to be closer to the mouse click.
1285741 - Velocity keywords nested within markup tags incorrecly highlighted.  
Updates for pv status caching and pv import.
Removed dependency on jEdit class
Added Icons to the VFS Browser context menu
Moves hard-coded strings to properties.
Moves hard-coded strings to properties.
Doc updates.
Merge from trunk.
Support svn 1.7 working file format.
Moved hard-coded strings to properties.
Bumped version numbers.
Tagging for release.
Fix for tracker 3474766? I can't seem to reproduce the error, but it appears to be due to acting on the buffer before it is loaded.
Fix for tracker 3469508, case-insensitive not honored for task types.
Added back the service for the PV import filter.
Deleting to replace.
Tagging for release.
Fixed docs. Removed period.  
If a Task is not cancellable, the cancel button of TaskMonitor is disabled Added explicit folds
Converted macros to java classes.
Fix for bug# 3475732, whitespace, docs.   
Changelog. 
Tagging 4.4.4 
Bumping PV depend. 
merge request #3474521 MiscUtilities.expandVariables does not expand ~ To fix bug https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=3474515&group_id=588&atid=100588
merge request #3449003 remove max heap size limit to 192MB
Docs. 
Changelog entry for 192mb limit.  
Removing merged changes, and API docs. 
VFS Browser was stuck if trying to browse a VFS that needed a session but the session could not be opened (#3471386)
charmap: hotfix for non-monospaced fonts 
Applied patch from Jarek for buffer loading, see tracker 3474766.
Merging 20767 as part of merge req# 3449003 
Docs. 
Merging 20580 as part of 3449003. 
charmap bump version 
Merge req# 3475961 - VFS Browser was stuck if trying to browse a VFS that needed a session but the   session could not be opened (#3471386) (Matthieu Casanova)    
Removed comment re bug 3165177.
Applied patch for bug 3301598, Get Class Name macro now finds class name for inner class.
Remove merged changes. 
charmap standard build.xml 
- Document jEdit's command line parameters into Activity Log    (#2960844 - Alan Ezust)  
added explicit folds
added explicit folds
added explicit folds
charmap build.properties updated 
Added recognition of FR shortcut in bugtraq:logregex property
Added recognition of # prefix in bugtraq:logregex property
Updating changelog for r20764
Adjusting some properties.
Removed some unnecessary include lines.
Some cleanup.
Extended javadoc for jEdit.openTemporary and JEditBuffer.read/writeLock
Doc update.
tag for release
Feature request# 3437779: added key bindings to RegisterViewer; set inital focus to registerList
initial checkin for DAV plugin




initial check-in: code migrated from https://github.com/marklogic/webdavjedit, updated and adapted to the current jEdit plugin API
no comment
no comment
no comment
Initial commit.
Initial commit.


added documentation

Optionally move line down after toggling a line comment.   fr 3382965, patch 3419750
replaced requestFocus() with requestFocusInWindow() for registerList (thanks Jarek)
Broke out changelog from xml file.  Docs updated to Docbook 4.4 xsd.  
Changelog. 
prep for release
tag for release
Set JDiff version back to 3.2.
delete to replace
tag for release
added logs to the copy keymap method
Made keymaps creation after determining jedit home. 
If there are no settings, no reason to migrate keymaps
Changelog fixes, cosmetic changes. 
reduced visibility of KeymapImpl constructor to package since the class is also package
Simplified CopyFileWorker to take a List<String> as source
added missing @deprecated annotation
fixed javadoc
charmap fixes for encoding update
mking tags 
Tagging 0.28 for release 
Cosmetic changes. 
Charmap get encoding list from jEdit global options
Patch#3476629. Suggested property for getting rid of "includeantruntime not set" warnings.  
Tagging 1.6.1 for release. 
Patch #3477759: Inner class of FilteredListModel passes wrong "this" 
Changelog, cleanup, API docs.  
added ivy support to Checkstyle plugin
updated jEdit dependency
fixed doc
added annotations
use of tasks
fixed error location
updated jEdit style and use latest sun's checks
Patch# 3120745 modified by alan. Shorten filenames in print dialog.  
Refactored classes that run Ant targets to a single class. Made the build debug app call 'ant clean' first. Added a command to start the Dalvik Debug Monitor. Updated the documentation.
updated dependencies
added missing boolean accept(String url) method
fixed a bug when removing toolbar
added Checkstyle to externals, and used alphabetic order for misplaced plugins
Wrong chars in auxiliary fonts (Max Funk - #3474765, 3474534)  
charmap option: sort unicode blocks alphabetically 
Documented "Automatic Font Substitution" feature. Renamed "Preferred Fonts" to "Auxiliary fonts" in  the text area option pane.  
Reformatting. 
Dialog titles in file system browser (SPennington - #2968930, #2807301)  
Patch #1918110: Ruby Edit Mode: Improve Symbol Highlighting.  
Changelog. 
#2976473 - Update for nsis2.xml. 
Changelog. 
Adding some clarification to the option of automatic font substitution. 
charmap: System font substitution 
charmap: font substitution code cleaning 
#3479585: patch for system fonts in Font substitution 
Changelog. 
- roff.xml: New ROFF/GROFF/TROFF edit mode    (#3081484 - Bad Sector, Robert Schwenn) 
#2406563: Edit mode for Fortran 90 free-form code 
- Updated cobol.xml (#2654343 - Markus Rhner)  
- New metapost.xml mode (#1606258 - discoleo) 
charmap font substitution fix 
Using ThreadUtilities instead of VFSManager for the BufferOutput. I still get the interrupted exception (#3479434) but now the stack trace is shorter.  
jEdit now has more than 200 syntax highlighting languages. Changelog fixes.  
Bumping version. 
#2913561 - mxml mode. 
New mxml.xml mode, and updates to ActionScript (#2913561 - Chris Hill)  
merged revision 20926 merge request #3477834 Inner class of FilteredListModel passes wrong "this"
Just run in dispatch thread without waiting.  
merged rev 20872 merge request #3476559 Document jEdit's command line parameters into Activity Log
charmap: Control keys: No font substitution Various small bugs in layout fixed
#3480246: No font substitution for control keys 
Changelog. 
Removed 4.5-merged entries 
Dependency on 4.5pre1 changed to 4.4.2; appears to work OK.
Created tag sessions_1_5_1 (for properties change).
Created tag sessions_1_5_1 (for properties change).
Small updates. 
Forgot about jEdit's odd version scheme for final releases -- fixed dependency version.
Created tag sessions_1_5_1.
Created tag sessions_1_5_1.
Added Javascriptshell and Javascriptshellengineplugin to externals
Added MibSidekick to the externals
haskell mode: Removed the fixed 8 character indent and tab size, patch #3470636 
charmap US_ASCII table size, Code cleaning, Documentation update. 






charmap: Control Key display, Type "int codepoint" for Characters.  
committed Rhino plugin
first commit of JavascriptSidekick
Show project option pane when command is issued but no project command is set. 
Removed PV API and used jEdit API to get the action. 
#3471524: Console Project option panes enhancements  
Brought back the PV API... Works better. 
Add commands to history.  
Reformatting.  
#2646789: Anti-aliased memory status 
2940948: Add variable for current line number.  
Updating docs.  
off-by-1 error. 
#3481158: Add variable ($pv) for current project root dir. 
charmap statusinfo for all charnames and encodings handling of undefined / invalid chars 
charmap performance issue fixed
#3479436: New option: Clear console before build/run. Removed unused imports. 
Clarified option label 
whitespace fixes
Update the version number to 4.5.0
always include minor version in actual program version
always include minor version in actual program version
Tagging 4.5.0 for release.
Merge request 3428795: Use Mac-specific symbols for menu accelerators on OS X
Fixed layout issue in Errors Option Pane where the NOTE: was too wide. 
#1604327: Console javac commando problems. 
charmap: Invalid char treatment
Reformatted changelog again. 
added RhinoPlugin, JavascriptSideKick and CharacterMap to the externals
hidding parse error of ZenCoding
charmap: functions sorted, explicit folds, javadoc
renamed parser

fixed description

Fixed status bar widget editing (#3414671)
added missing annotations, minor simplifications, added final keyword to some private fields
if keymaps folder do not exist, show an error dialog then quit jEdit instead of freezing
Fixed replace all on a directory that was broken (#3480583)
correct pre -> final switch in build.xml
delete jedit-4-5-0 tag for retagging 
Tagging 4.5.0 for release.
added explicit folds use of isEmpty() method
update to latest version
Update the version number to 4.5.1
determine jEdit version in build.xml dynamically from content of jEdit.java
www feedback mailing lists: added an anchor and a link to nabble
deactivate antialiasing on minimap and it is much faster and nicer
Fixed some edge use cases: 1) selecting to the start of the next line after the line of the last variable would cause the macro to fail or cause the unselected variable declaration on the next line to be included. 2) if comments were selected as part of the variables to create get and set methods, the macro would fail. 3) if variable declaration spanned more than one line the macro would fail. 4) if more than one variable was created on the same line and were initialized, the macro would fail.
charmap: invalid char checking, block navigation 
Fixed javadoc warnings.
charmap bugfix in unicode name function 
haskell mode: Added some GHC extensions: recursive do and arrow notation -   Patch #3470637 by Stephen Blackheath
Update to better restore look and feel with jEdit 4.5 and 5.0.
charmap description update
Character Map 1.3.2
added SSHConsole to externals
fixed regression making impossible to add widget to status bar (#3483140)
Charmap Fix #3483171: Plugin Home 
charmap Unicode 6.1.0 upgrade 
When highlight overview is active, the occurence count will be shown in the status bar
Adding a docbook5 test data folder. 
Docbook 5 dtd test. 
changelog
Tagging Whitespace-1.0.2 for release 
charmap: fixes in docking and charname functions
charmap more table colors, color options
charmap small fixes 
charmap rounded popup window
Added new properties and values for css3.
Updated to include extended color keywords.
Updated css mode with new css 3 properties and values.
Dart mode by Chris Sullins, patch #3483431
Bumping depends.  
Simplified build script.  
Made xml default ant mode parser. 
charmap popup char position fixed, popup layout
charmap Fixed Java 1.6 error for shaped window (Downgrade to rectangular window)
Improved ant mode recognition glob patterns.  
fix for pb #3483934 - XML Plugin and Docbook 5 - no completion when confronted with RNG "name ns='XX'", will propose __ANY_ELEMENT_IN_NS__ as element or attribute name in namespace 'XXX' 
attribute name follows element name case in HTML mode 
Got rid of absolute paths in schemas.xml so it works on other machines too.  Fixed namespace URI for dtdtest so that the schemas-docbook5.xml on debian can  recognize it and use its local DTD instead.  
Fixing a parse error in xsd-xlink. 
updated changelog.  
Removed some old files.  
Updating version numbers (and other numbers) on features/compatibility pages.  
charmap small improvement superChar
1.3.3 Bugfix release
Updating common users-guide stylesheet based on what's in XML plugin.  
Moved stylesheet into build-support. Using that instead of a local one specific to XML plugin.   
Add warnings for poorly supported CSS3 properties.
docs.proc.target=none  
charmap fix superchar pos at scrolling 
Breaking out the changelogs into separate textfiles so they don't clutter up the users guide.  
Added links to the other changelog files.  
charmap fix rare superchar bug
charmap fix rare superchar bug in tag 
charmap code cleaning mouse handler 
charmap fix superChar ported all changes to 1.3.3 tag 
Fixing build.xml to work with release scripts - changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir
merge: Fixing build.xml to work with release scripts - changing use of install.dir to jedit.plugins.dir
adding basic documentation so the plugin will have help docs available.
adding basic documentation so the plugin will have help docs available.
If the plugin list was not already loaded, there is no reason to load it because of a property change (#3485645) see http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-users-Running-jEdit-4-5-without-internet-connection-td4375313.html
added missing closing explicit fold
The Install/Update plugin dialog with progress bar should not show the progression of installation in it's title (#3485497)
Fixed parser not accepting public, protected, private, final, static as field name in class access (#3485279)
Fixed parsing error when a function do not have a body (#3485282)
Bumping version depends.  Bumping version. Removed some deprecation warnings. Removed some generic warnings.  Removed incorrect way of adding buttons to toolbar in documentation.  
Get the property after it is set, so we can execute the command too...  
Bumping version to 4.5 
charmap unicode data performance tweak
logs edit mode added
charmap UnicodeData cleanup
Made some undocumented but public members in class DisplayTokenHandler and Chunk private as they should be in the first place. Keeping their unclear semantics ware too much burden to maintain and improve soft wrap feature while their needs were highly questionable.  This was from SF.net patch #2483695. 
Eliminated wasteful argument passings; always passing a same instance variable to a method in a same class. 
Eliminated redundant flag variables.  This was from SF.net patch #2483695. 
Improved some namings and comments to show what's going on.  This was from SF.net patch #2483695. 
charmap netbeans targets 
charmap netbeans & javadoc
Better handling of function definitions using varargs double and integer types can be accepted by methods requiring float
A menu item for showing all whitespaces, patch #3483876 (jsot). 
General clean up -- fixed some typos, added licenses, bumped version number, better handling of scroll listeners, don't hassle with JDiff.
Tracking of diffing per view.
Made tab recognition of a Chunk more explicit as a method. 
Eliminated redundant method calls which were inefficient and bad for readability. 
Isolated soft wrap algorithm into a single function to make further changes clearer.  This was from SF.net patch #2483695. 
Replaced soft wrap algorithm using BreakIterator to enable soft wraps at non-whitespace line breaks in Japanese text.  This is the core change from SF.net patch #2483695. 
Removed unnecessary access to Chunk.width.  The access was also invalid for uninitialized Chunk. 
Fixed a misplaced and then incorrect comment. 
adding a test for external entities 
Small changes to pjo/ant/build.xml which shouldn't break anything, but will   help introduce custom_build.xml. custom_build.xml is to provide more   automatization in plugin release procedure, as described in wiki:   https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/jedit/index.php?title=Conventions,_procedures#Releasing_a_plugin_part_II   custom_build.xml is not complete yet, but to test it I need these small   changes to build.xml
Added preliminary custom_build.xml for pjo automatization
charmap documentation, authors 1.3 now finished
Final charmap 1.3
Better handling of number argument type Type.numbers renamed to Type.number
Fixed issue with projectviewer integration.
Removed a cyclic dependency : KeymapMigration is now a service. The MigrationService is moved to org.jedit.core package that should contains core services from jEdit
moved migration after service loading
Added new error dialog for an undefined project command which gives the user the option to configure it.
removed pluginJars map committed by mistake
added new log levels
removed redundant initializer
added explicit folds
added explicit folds better type detection of conditionalExpression
Updated to use new ProjectOptions.run() API in PV 3.4.1
Fixed bug #3480885
Fixed possible redundancies (e.g. between global and project classpaths) and added a background classpath update on startup
Reverted call to ProjectOptions.run() and removed a call to the deprecated MiscUtilities.getFileNameNoExtension()
Code cleanup and documentation.
Move annotations out of comment.
fixed column width with tabs
added whitespace checks and duplicate detection
added explicit folds
best match if hyperlink is in the same buffer
best match if hyperlink is in the same buffer
use the hand cursor for hyperlinks
better hyperlink tooltip
Added new task for updating the classpath and more comments
fix runaway character 
fix plugin bug #3487818 - XML bug with missing Hyperlinks plugin 
If the same plugin is installed in home and install folder, only the newest is loaded
coding style fix
New method JEditBuffer.insert(int offset, CharSequence seq) to insert text in a buffer. This removes some duplicate code
fixed indentation
Avoided rendering errors caused by Chunk splitting in DisplayTokenHander.  An example can be found in SF.net bug #3487005. Note that this fixes the problem with the example only on text mode. Original problem reported on html mode will need another fix. See also SF.net patch #3488908 as a related work. 
Don't use 5.0 API until 5.0 is released.  
Added updates from Jerzy Urban for proportional scrolling.
Bumping version to 1.2 and tagging for release
jEdit localization support
updated date
fixed a regression : the jar must be added to jars before calling PluginJAR.init()
function definition is transient
A default value for docbook.xsl, tuning for ProjectViewer properties files.
Added IS_SELECTED elements to bufferset scope switcher actions to indicate w/ checkbox in menus which scope is currently selected.   
added a listCellRenderer for languages
Bumping PV depend version.  
Added french translation by Jojaba
Added German translation from Robert Schwenn
Added macros to plugin-build.xml: check-file-var, check-dir-var and   increased verbosity in case of lacking docbook components.
better handling of list size
Reverting ProjectViewer version number, because it's back to 3.4.1

it is not the occurence count but the line count containing the highlighted word (if the word is in several lines, the line will be counted only once.)


Docs. 
Improved label. 
followup from r21149: remove invalid imports 
fix bug preventing <title> to appear in proposed elements for completion inside <article> using docbook5 RNG grammar still issue because too many attributes of <title> are mandatory 
Updated props, removed redundant labels.  
TextColors is now respected for non-metal looks and feel.   
Tagging 1.2.3 for release. 
mention localization in whatsnew. 
Added a user position stack and related actions.  
use the correct relaxng schema 1.0, with errata applied (not mere copy from the text of the spec) 
fix wrong comment 
add docbook 5 RNC schema 
remove bundled schemas from the catalog, so that xml-open-schema can open them ( they get resolved with the full path when no resolved by the catalog in Resolver.resolveEntityToPathInternal()[0] ) as a consequence, use the full path to schema.rng in SchemaMapping 
RNG completion: optional attributes referenced via <define> chains don't turn up as required (see test_data/docbook5/mathml_example.xml and try to insert a <title> element) 
use builtin DOCBOOK5 schema for xsd-xlink.xml 
Eliminated quadratic iteration in DisplayTokenHandler.recalculateTabWidth() which could choke CPU when wrapping very long lines.  If a line consists of 1000 chunks and the line is wrapped at every second chunk, the iteration goes roughly 998 + 996 + ... + 2 = 249500 times. 
Description/changelog. 
Reduced memory usage a bit in Chunk, knowing that the number of GlyphVector is 1 for most Chunk, and the list won't be modified after building it. 
Reorder functions, added API docs.  
Eliminated the last flag variable in Chunk, which had been unused since r21116. 
Emit positionchanging messages so the user stack positions get pushed onto Navigator's back stack too.  
Introduced GlyphCache in Chunk to lower CPU usage on text rendering and line wrapping. 
Fixed a bug in pushPosition. Got rid of editbus messages, adding positions directly via Navigator API instead.  
- namespace handling in completion and EditTagDialog   (XmlInsert has to be tested more)   todo: handling of user-chosen prefix for new namespace bindings  - factored getting XmlParsedData 
Properly setting console plainColor on propertiesChanged.  
Default values for non text colors.  
Changelog. 
Fixed bug #3493415, an error messsage on double-clicking multiple directories.
Removed unnecessary use of List on glyphs field in Chunk for a bit less use of memory and simpler code. 
added a new line at the end of the file
Improved readability (naming, comments, etc) of font substitution logic to make further changes clearer. No behavior change was intended. 
Renamed initi18nProperties into initLocalizationProperties
renamed i18n package into localization
renamed i18n to localization
include localization package
Avoid unnecessary use (including allocation) of ArrayList<GlyphVector> in major cases where font substitution doesn't occur at all. 
Moved localization options to general option pane
Added a check if font substitution should switch back to the main font to obey the desired behavior written in the comment for Chunk.layoutGlyphs(); "All characters that can be rendered with the main font will be".  The problem was reported in SF.net patch #3488967, but the fix was restructured by me to be fairly readable. 
Reduced the calls to layoutGlyphVector() in case of the font substitution logic found a character which can't be displayed with the main font, and also with substitution fonts. Before this change, it could be called for every single character.  A new private helper class Chunk.FontSubstitution was introduced to make further tweaks easier without worry of this kind of problem. 
build.support: Added ability to automatically download the plugins   being dependencies specified in props file of another plugin, FR #3488089.   Functionality of parsing plugins' props files added by the way to   plugin-build.xml.   By the way added build-helper.xml ant library which allows fast inclusion   of libraries, for example necessary to run scripts. This functionality   is based on ivy.   The way plugins are build is not changed yet.
Added (prev > 0x7f) as a condition to accept a line break to be consistent with (next > 0x7f).  With a non-ASCII character "*", rejecting a break between "*a" is not consistent while accepting a break between "a*". 
Adding more comments and beginning some basic code cleanup
added Archive plugin to externals
some fixes for opening archives over sftp (works for reading and fails on save)
Fixed wrong separation in composed character sequence which happened when font substitution is used on that sequence. (SF.net bug #3495002; the problem was introduced in r21213) 
Gathered various ways of width accumulation into a simple loop after getting GlyphVector[]. The complexity is anyway linear. Then, there is no reason to have different ways in different places. 
Put hard coded workarounds not to cause unexpected soft wrap at starts/ends of quotes with some non-ASCII quotation marks. The cause of the problem seem to be in the implementation of BreakIterator, and seems not to be fixed in near future. (originally reported as SF.net bug #3488310, analyzed in a derived FR #3489523) 
Added a version check with the main build file.    
Added a check for failure in plugin properties discovery
added missing src.dir property
added missing src.dir property
Adding a license. 
wtfpl and cleanup.  
Load properties from extras fileset, not src. Increased verbosity.
Updated example property files from QuickNotePad to mention usePluginHome.  
Updated build.xml example in plugin guide.  
Got rid of build.prepare task which was never needed... 
Moved import build-helper.xml after the build.support declaration. It was a bug.
if the given color is null, use default color instead of black
color cannot be null here
Also use view.caretColor if textColors is set. 
Added another check before rejecting line breaks at quotation marks not to reject valid ones in CJK text. 
API docs and changelog changes only.  
Added a link to a new page about code repositories on wiki
Added getCurrentLanguage() method
1. Fixed the problem with import build-helper.xml, when it was failing if    build.support was a relative path 2. Fixed a problem when ivy.jar was checked through the net even if it wasn't    necessary. 3. Removed parts of ivy initialization and download code and reused the code    from build-helper.xml. 4. Changed ivy logging to download-only. Now it's more obvious whether ivy    connects to internet or not.
added svn ignore property, to ignore lib directory
Added localization support for plugins
1. Changed the way target download-plugin-deps works: zip files are    downloaded and then unpacked. It allows downloading of additional    files if they are in plugin zip-files, like in case of CommonControls    containing kappalayout.jar 2. Prepared the environment to compile custom tasks. Custom tasks are    in build.support/java-src directory. 3. Refactored plugin release target to use custom ant tasks instead of    beanshell script. Beanshell script doesn't allow for proper code    reusage which will be needed for further improvements in plugin    release area. 4. Added jedit-plugins-zip resolver to allow for downloading whole    plugin zips. This way is chosen by setting organisation    to "jedit-plugins-zip" in the ivy file.
Fixed a problem caused by code cleanup
let a tree path be specified with arbitrary separator (to be able to select <style type="test/css">) EBFixture.doInBetween waits for the runnable, not only the message 
first commit of solarized-dark schemes inspired by http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
Added a new typedef: plugininfo, which took some code from get-plugin-info   task. A new typedef allows for more ant-like syntax and has a new   capability: reading plugin info from jar files. This funcionality   is a prerequisite for downloading plugin dependencies recursively.
fix XmlInsert for namespace support, code cleanup in XmlParsedData, ElementDecl fix namespace support in completion (with prefixes) mostly passing test cases xml.parser.TagParser methods all use CharSequence now => no more copying the content of the buffer multiple times 
revert to xml.TagParser to get matching tags in TagHighlight and use TagHighlight for html-like modes 
Small doc fixes. 
Tagging 2.4 for release. 
Fixed an inverted and always failing assertion.  I had missed "-ea" in my testing command line. 
Fixed invalid access from inactive DisplayManager to information for an unrelated active buffer (wrap mode, ChunkCache, etc) set in the corresponding TextArea. (SF.net bug #3442116) 
Fixed invalid access from inactive DisplayManager to information for an unrelated active buffer (wrap mode, ChunkCache, etc) set in the corresponding TextArea. (SF.net bug #3442116)  This change should be commited in r21253 all together. The separation was my mistake. 
apply downstream patch from https://code.launchpad.net/~mborn319/ubuntu/precise/jedit/add_keywords/+merge/96188 that adds searchable keywords to linux .desktop files 
Upgrading and proofreading the french translation. Adding the english localization.
Omitted to convert the special chars to unicode.
load jedit_en.props as a system property so it is default
Made basic edit operations aware of characters above BMP and combining character sequences. (SF.net bug #3040720)  Specifically, the fixed operations are caret movements, selection, delete, and backspace. Many other derived operations which use caret positions or selection ranges also became safe unless the offsets were altered by programs which are not aware of above mentioned characters.  Direct buffer operations are not in scope of this fix. 
Adding Macros FR translation (labels ok but properties not yet finished)
Added another check not to cause unexpected soft wrap after punctuation apostrophe U+2019 which forms contracted words. (SF.net bug #3497312) 
Merged rev 21253 and rev 21254 Fix textarea corruption, merge request #3497843
removed fix of bug #3442116 from changelog as it was merged in 4.5 branch
modified About dialog to use 3 new properties : about.text.prefix about.text.suffix about.text.contributors  about.text.contributors is the contributors list, it is in jedit_gui.props and will not be localized, the prefix and suffix are the text that is shown before and after that list and may be localized
Merge req# 3481735 - Edit Status Bar Entry not working.  
removing change merged in 4.5.x branch. 
Merge req #3485647: Fix plugin list reloaded when properties are changed.  
Merged into 4.5.x 
Thank you kazutoshi!!  
Break out CHANGES.txt into separate file.  
Updated changelog.  
Requires java 1.6 
Tagging 1.3 for release. 
Changelog fixes. 
Moving lines to the right place and proofreading Macros section. 
Adding Macro translation section
Specified encoding parameters in javadoc task not to depend on system default encodings which lead to occasional errors on different platforms or locales. 
Merge req# 3485738: Plugin install dialog monitor progress in title 
Fix bug #1894889 - windows commands now wrapped in parentheses to prevent space issues
Macros folder can now be localized with properties macros.folder.[foldername].label
Merged into 4.5.x. 
Updated Move Lines Up and Down macros to move whole lines regardless of selection. Suggested by Matthieu.
Updated html mode to recognize html 5 keywords, updated jsp mode to delegate to html mode for html keywords.
Made interned LineContext mortal to avoid memory leaks which was observed as 4~5 MB with jEdit build.xml with ant mode. 
Fixed improper hashCode() implementation of LineContext which resulted in almost linear comparisons with expensive equals(). A real slow down was observed with jEdit build.xml with ant mode. 
Created a backport branch to resolve conflicts which happen within merging a series of font substitution fixes, r20941,20969,21205,21212, into 4.5.x .  As the result of review for merge request #3500572 (r20941,20969), it turns out that these revisions can't be merged separate because of their complicated dependencies. 
Removed a spurious entry in CHANGES.txt as it turns out (in the review process of merge request #3500572 ) that the problem fixed in r21212 was a regression since r20941. 
Merged r20941. There was a regression in this change which was fixed later in r21212. The latter will be also merged in another revision in this branch. 
Updated completion to support html 5. Should be backward compatible with html 4.
Merged r20969. No problem here. 
Merged r21205. This change is code cleanup but was required before merging r21212 (which fixed the regression since r20941) which depends on the new namings and structures. 
Merged r21212 and r21287. This fixed the regression since r20941. The change on CHANGES.txt in r21212 doesn't appear in this merge because it is reverted in r21287 as it was spurious change in fact. 
Added svn:mergeinfo for r21287 as it was merged in the previous r21292 as canceling the change on CHANGES.txt . 
Merge req#3500663: Wrong Chars in Auxiliary Fonts, second try  
Merge #3498696: Make basic edit operations aware of characters above BMP 
Removed merged into 4.5.x entries.  
Reconciling keywords with those listed in css-completion.xml in XML plugin.
Reconciling completion words with those listed in css.xml mode file.
Updated description of Packages to match control. 
There is no more sun-java6. Now the choices are default-java or openjdk-6. Updating debian files to reflect that.  
Changing $pv to $p. Updating changelog. 
Made localized .props file to be in UTF-8 so that they can be edited directly without escaping non ISO-8859-1 characters.  Existing files were migrated as follows:   - Convert all existing escapes into the original characters     represented in UTF-8.     #!/bin/sh     for PROPS in *.props; do       native2ascii -encoding ISO-8859-1 $PROPS >$PROPS.ascii       native2ascii -reverse -encoding UTF-8 $PROPS.ascii >$PROPS     done   - Replace trailing spaces in values into "\u0020" not to be stripped     accidentally in the future.   - Remove all other trailing spaces in comments or empty lines.   - Set ":encoding=UTF-8:". 
Added download-plugin-deps-rec target and did some cleaning and improvements,   mainly in java files for ant tasks.
Added download-deps target to PluginRelease ant script. Looks like   the environment is now ready to download plugin dependencies   automatically, although consider it a beta version.   Intructions at wiki Releasing_a_plugin_part_I should now work.
Making default source & target version 1.6
fixed parser name



Merge req# 3481904: determine jEdit version in build.xml dynamically from contents  
#3500523: Fix LineContext Leaks. 
Added mention of html5. 
 Scala mode added (#3501401 - Daniel Spiewak) 
move error message to XML.props (old todo)
fix no-namespace attributes resulting in empty namespace decl
no need for external subsets in jEdit
XML insert with selection: clarify and conform to user manual
remove old todos: they are OK
- throw exceptions & log errors on invalid schemas.xml - property vs schemas.xml is explained in user guide
Copy XPATH: now error message when not in XML/HTML mode
test - it works now !
remove old todo
attributes in different namespaces are supported in EditTagDialog now
copy XPath works in HTML mode via HtmlSideKickParsedData
dialog titles changes
catch new exceptions in SchemaMapping
Made jedit_gui.props and jedit.props to be in UTF-8 so that they can be edited directly without escaping non ISO-8859-1 characters.  Migration was done in the same way as in r21302. 
Removed labels options.appearance.lang.* from localized .props files. They will be displayed with their own language regardless the setting to catch eyes of non-English users more friendly. 
Fixed leaks of JEditTextArea which was held in EditBus and Buffer after it had been disposed. 
Japanese localization completed. - "ja" added to available.lang in jedit.props. - A label (displayed by Kanji gryph) was added as   options.appearance.lang.ja to jedit_gui.props. - UTF-8 encoded jedit_ja.props added. 
The previous commit had a wrong comment in jedit_gui.props. 
Updated change log for html and css completion.
removed some duplicate language properties
Add new ProcessExecutor class.  Makes it easy to execute sub-processes and parse the output. Based on the P4Plugin's "Perforce" class (used to execute perforce's command line tool).  Explicitly set source/target version in the build file so that javac complains about Java 7 constructs. 
#3501932 - Fix EditPane Leaks (K. Satoda)  
Removing tag in preparation for retagging. 
Retagged 2.4 
Welcome to 2012. 
Merge req# 3500537: Fix unreasonable slow down in LineContext initering. 
Removing merged entries in 4.5.x  
Added japanese to the whatsnew article. Added TODO notes for API docs of this strangely named class. 
removed redundant labels
added jsr305 to the compilation dependencies

Put projectviewer integration into its own section, so it shows up in the toc.  
Deprecated SwingWorker. 
Deprecating some classes that are now in the JDK or in jEdit.  
getKeymapsFromFolder(File folder) will never returns null
Deprecating some classes which exist in jEdit or JDK.  
examples for XSD validation for docbook5
update changelog
Documented addRequests() 
Almost all macros localization.
declare rhino.jar as dependency #3504162
updated jEdit dependency

Adding Macros properties for almost all macros.
Translation for added properties of macros and macro titles
updated dependencies

moved everything in trunk folder

dependencies are jEdit 4.5

Bug # 1542027  
Added docs. 
Removing in preparation of a retag. 
Made description.html html. 
Re-tagging FoldViewer 1.1 
fixed javadoc comment
Fix for tracker 3504075, allow trailing comma in enum body.
Generated parser for fix for tracker 3504075, allow trailing comma in enum body.
Better parser error handling, should help with code completion.
#3501908: Fix text area leaks 
API Docs only. 
Merged into 4.5.x 
Add avro idl mode file.
Fixed the case of non-existent ivy dir, #3505092
Removing redundant importerfilter service.  
More adjustments to error handling.
Adding omitted localization and removing the \n from the localization strings
Adding omitted localization strings and removing \n from the localization strings
Adding omitted localization strings, fixing typos and chnaging some translations...
Added option to allow scanning hidden files for tasks.
Omitted string localization in display abbreviation macro
Update docs and description.
Updated dependency versions.
Tag for release.
Updated docs based on user feedback.
Tag for release.
fixed FoldViewer svn path
Added a license text that is required, because part of Rhino is from Sun.
Updated license/copyright.  
Updated license.  
deleted tag to retag with doc

API Docs and reformatting.  
API Docs.  
Added options.status.caret.title label and removed a redundant label
Added french localization from Jojaba
added options.status.caret.title translation
Wrong key names (lowercase in uppercase) in some strings in the Text Area pane section of the jedit_fr.props file
Fixed NPE during initialization if highlight overview is disabled (#3509281)
Other uppercase missing in french propertie key fix
src.dir
src.dir
fixed hyperlinks dependency
encoded file using UTF-8


better handling of zencoding in the end of an existing line
use of the class name if the service in the hashcode added missing @Override annotations
fixed a few more things

fixed tests
more fixes
added missing annotations, use of EventQueue instead of SwingUtilities
added missing annotations
use of a SwingWorker instead of instantiating a new thread for every page
fixed Sidekick version


made toString() more readable
showPopupMenu() method from TextArea is made public because it can be used by beanshell actions The same method from JEditTextArea is removed because it does the same thing. 
Removed empty blocks in CHANGES.txt as a preparation for the release of 4.5.1. 
Tagging 4.5.1 for release.
Unix end of lines in XML.props
fix pb #3480254 XML: "Insert Closing Tag when Opening Tag is Typed" broken
s/4/5 for version  
API DOCS.  
clarify. 
updated javadoc
API Docs.  
The JEditEmbeddedTextArea do not create an empty popup menu anymore.   To add a context menu in your JEditEmbeddedTextArea, please override   createPopupMenu(MouseEvent evt) as before, but also call   setRightClickPopupEnabled(true) in your constructor
The Error status bar widget now use a JEditEmbeddedTextArea instead of a simple swing TextArea to display exceptions
More API docs. 
Rev history additional info.  
Clarified how the on-save actions currently work. 
Providing French translation for Matthieu's plugins
Encoding problems (not UTF-8 encoded) and added translator name.
Tagging 4.5.1 for release.
Adding name of Plugin on top of fr translation files as a comment.
Bumping version depend slightly. 
3511118: SynchroScroll-1.1 "Stop Synchro Scrolling" 
API docs. 
API Docs. 
Added VoxSpell to externals
src.dir
The language properties in plugins are now named lang_XX.properties instead of lang_XX.props. This way it is possible to release a plugin containing localized files for jEdit 4.x without problems
renamed language file
Better (and more correct) highlighting of python decorators.
added some javadoc about localization files
Renamming .props fr translation files in .properties for Matthieu's plugins

Added french translation file (lang_fr.properties) for Jedit 5. Please update plugin-build.xml to have the plugin work with the translation.
Javadocs. 
javadocs. 
Added a possibility to use libraries from ivy without downloading them to   a specific directory - using ivy:cachepath. Changed the location   of the ivy jar to a constant place. This makes lib.dir property   no longer necessary and easier access to scripting and other   libraries. It seems reasonable to have only one ivy.jar file   in the user's system.
After downloading a plugin, it's properties are automatically opened   in a configure editor. From now on pjo/ant/build.xml is depending on   build-helper.xml from build-support.
Added lang_*.properties to the jar file automagically.  
Fix 4.5.1 tag
update to latest version
fixed localization file loading when generating cache
fixed removing localization properties when unloading plugins
Bumping version in prep for release. 
Tagging 1.5 for release. 
Fixed favorites menu actions (#3512250) the menu was broken because of removal of deprecated DirectoryEntry class that was replaced by VFSFile
vfs browser now by default, docks to the left.  
javadoc 
Bumping version props, sensible defaults, cleanup. 
Still compatible with jEdit 4.4 API-wise. 
Tagging Console 4.5  
Updating CommonControls dependency to 1.5
updating common controls dependency to 1.5 and retagging.
updating common controls dependency to 1.5 and retagging
Made project edition code look nicer using new pv 3.4.2 api. As requested by Damien!
Removing in preparation for retagging 
Retagging 4.5 
Removing .directory files.  
Adding from CVS. 
... 
Imported CVS trunk from 2006 as trunk in svn.  
Applied patch# 3035238 Also updated build.xml to use current build-support. Updated jars based on Jython 2.5.3b1  
Updated docs/description. 
Fixed properties. 
Tagging 1.0 for release. 
s/2.1/2.5 
oops. need to retag. 
Tagging 1.0 for release. 
Renamed props file. 
Version/about strings. 
Docbook 4.4 xsd 
For compatibility with jEdit 4.4, must also require Sidekick 1.2. 
One more retag... 
Third time's a charm. 
Added readme. 
Removing build.properties file. 
Added french localization file.
Added french translation file.
javadocs 
More javadocs. 
Javadocs 
Fixed #3512853, macros at menu split are unaccessible
More javadocs. 
Changelog for bug fix 3512853 (last revision)
Finished javadocs for this gui package. 
Record initPLAF: look and feel in the activity log.  All the other changes here are the doing of the WhiteSpace plugin.  
French translation file submitting. Thanks in advance.
Adding French translation file for jEdit 5. Thanks in advance.
Adding french translation file for jEdit 5. Thanks in advance.
Fixed #3503555, Lucene requires at least 2 methods from Analyzer to be final
Adding French translation for jEdit 5. Thanks in advance.
Typos detected. Sorry!
Docs only. 
Make splash screen log not only current time, but also cummulative time. 
Moved misplaced member declaration, fixed broken fold. 
Final folding fix plus relocating of getKeyMapManager method from   Property methods to Misc methods 
Added more time bencharking at jedit startup, written to the log   in the same fashion as splash screen does, with debug level.   Added total startup time to a "Startup complete" log entry (message level). 
Fixed sorting of usage output. nosplash was improperly positioned, breaking   the alphabetic order (after removing "no" prefix"). 
add jEdit.java to dist-win-finish and dist-mac-finish package for build.xml being able to determine jEdit version dynamically
Change version to always be <major>.<minor>.<micro>
Update the version number to 4.5.2
Commit of French translation (not yet finished) for jEdit 5.
Added a new service called "FileFinder".  
Added a new FileOpener service. 
depends on 5.0pre1 
Uses new FileOpener service. 
Small bugfix in the way errors are created and sent to errorlist. 
Preparation for Re-tagging. 
Making 4.5 again. 
Undoing previous change until 4.5 is released. Will not assume ErrorList 2.0 capabilities.  
Don't add invalid filenames to ErrorList ever.   
Tagging 4.5 one more time :-) 
Docs only. 
Adding ref to ticket# in changelog. 
Added ticket# to changelog. 
Undoing some things from my previous commit that got in there by mistake... 
simplified copyToolTips() method merged folds added missing @Override annotations
Made Registers window close after inserting a clip, if it was   floating. This makes it consistent with Paste Previous window. #3478916.
API Docs for ServiceManager 
Added a FileOpenerService for ErrorList. (#3481157 - Alan Ezust)  
src.dir and pv version correction: 3.4 -> 3.4.0
Better docs, small bugfix. 
javadocs. 
Switch to system shell before compile/run project. 
Retagging 4.5 one more time. 
One more time! 
fixed brace placement and added licence
French translation of SVNPlugin completed but not proofread.
Proofread SVNPlugin french translation. Thanks in advance for taking in account this file for future versions.
Docs and cleanup. 
Added french translation of CandyFolds for jedit 5. Thanks in advance.
Docs. 
Remove jar cache when unloading a plugin (#3514022) Of course only if not exiting jEdit
Fixed IO error when changing VFS Browser filter content  (#3502820) The reason was that ThreadUtilities.runInDispatchThread() runs the task immediately if already in DispatchThread, but in that case we want to wait to run it after all EDT work has been done
Adding ghc commando, updates to other commando files, and some new beanshell utility methods.
Added a message about ivy.xml file, whether it is present in plugin dir.
added zencoding to description (patch #3514973)
fixed changelog according to https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/jedit/index.php?title=Coding_style#CHANGELOG
Added copying to clipboard of file sizes after packaging, to make   adding a new plugin entry in the wizard easier
Improvements to make commando file.
Fixed closing of views on jedit exit when not in background mode.   This bug was since ages. Only current view was being closed properly,   others were still open on System.exit(). ViewUpdate.CLOSED was not   sent for them. 
Added description of r21562 (last commit) to the changelog, about closing   the views on jedit exit. I undestood that this may be an important change. 
added keymaps in the Windows installer
The Windows installer and windows integration are now localized in french (patch #3513215)
removed global options, keeping combined options in the Utilities menu. The global-options is still available as an action
Added myself to the changelog, that's obligatory.
Catched exceptions from SwingUtilities.updateComponentTreeUI(window) call   in jEdit.initPLAF(), similarly as the exceptions from   UIManager.setLookAndFeel were catched. If the exceptions are not catched,   then jedit may hang, like in #3512420. Made initplaf log more verbosely and report failure as warning. 
Cleaned up make, added tcl, and beginning to add support for commando directory specification.
Added some missing files... oops!  
Removing bad tag. 
removed optimize method calls since in Lucene 3.5.0 optimize() is now deprecated
removed optimize method calls since in Lucene 3.5.0 optimize() is now deprecated
Retagging 1.0 
Finished support for DIR commando option, and improvements to existing commando files.
Added ruby commando file and additional cleanup to existing ones.
#3517173 - remove redundant line of code and refactor. 
Fixed #3502585, freezes on hypersearch with encoding errors. The only code   change is adding synchronized(errorLock) directive. The rest is javadoc, to   emphasize the way VFSManager.runInAWTThread   and WorkThreadPool.addWorkRequest work.
Adding mcs.xml C# compiler, removing jmk.xml, openjade_*.xml, jikes.xml, and hugs.xml, and made the toggle's DEFAULT parameter case-insensitive.
Fixed #3517549, too high error list dialog if there are many errors to   display. Made the dialog size constant: 80x25 characters. 
FAQ update. 
Created error displayer background task which tries to accumulate   VFSManager errors and display all at once instead of sequential dialogs.   Error displayer allows for vfs manager operations and adding next   errors while displaying the errors dialog, which was not the case   since r21578. 
Reserve space for 4 digit in memory's status bar widget. patch #3518422
added Makarius to contributor list in release note (patch #3518422)
Added new commando widget for entering paths.
#3501020: EncodingsOptionPane: can't dnd between pingponglists 
Bug# 3501020: EncodingsOptionPane: can't dnd between pingponglists 
remove default popupmenu from StandaloneTextArea too
remove default popupmenu from StandaloneTextArea too
Buffer.insertString() does not exist anymore in jEdit 4.5.
Added a comment about possible freeze when using VariableGridLayout.   Current jedit code does not use this mode. (#2997417 Javier Diaz Soto)
Made the method TextArea.isCaretVisible public. (patch #3518424 Makarius)
Removed plugin options for features not supported by Jython 2.5. Use unicode() instead of str() in jython scripts. Changed version to 1.0.1. 
Suppressed output to standard error of encoding problems on opening   files, fr #3517116.
update lib/junit.jar to junit-4.10.jar use new projectviewer.PVActions.editProject to show junit options directly use the ClassLoader instead of Class.forName 
tagging release 0.7 
reference to the plugin bug 
untagging JUnitPlugin 0.7 
tagging JUnitPlugin 0.7 for release 
Fixed NPE when opening View option pane for the first time on a fresh installation (#3520577)
Reduced the text width for the large file mode to make the Editing option pane look nicer #3519912
Added JSR305 and fixed some case where tab did not work
Added ivy.xml with junit, which is necessary to compile.
Added troubleshooting section to docs, to mention workaround for bug #3491410.
Bug# 3521408 - javadoc broken links in ServiceManager 
Remove redundant text. 
Javadoc fixes.  
javadoc. 
Updates for HTML 5.
Added some SwingUtilities.invokeLater, which helps with some occasional deadlocks.
Updated doc about wordBreakChars buffer-local-property to match the fact that it is used only on hard wrap, not on soft wrap, at least for now. 
Fixed NPE which was shown in place of a proper error message for empty keyword elements in mode XML. 
Adding a little more explanation of how to define a service.  
Added :encoding=utf-8: property to DisplayTokenHandler.java
Updated example services.xml 
The status bar widget service is now   org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory instead of   org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidget (only the name in service.xml)   is modified, because the service class is a StatusWidgetFactory and not a   StatusWidget (#3521413)
Removed note in API comments. 
Splitted MiscUtilities.saveBackup into several pieces, to allow for code   reusage.
Moved the backup logic from FileVFS to MiscUtilities. This will make   implementing backup easier for custom VFS'es.
Extended the workaround for unacceptable break inside quote for the case where the quote mark is enclosed by something like a parenthesis. (SF.net bug #3502384) 
Sorted the OSX keymap, and made some of the shortcuts more standard
Documented ignoreWhitespace mode property
Fixed ignoreWhitespace doc (the switch was inverted).
Backed out changes from revision 21610.
added the classpath for the compilation target to add ivy compile library (jsr 305)
Added Czech translation from patch #3523511
New VFS capability: NON_AWT_SESSION_CAP and a helper method VFS.createVFSSessionSafe that frees the caller from entering the EDT thread in most cases. All built-in filesystems have this capability set.
Added default implementation for VFS._backup. Now remote file VFS-es, like   FTP plugin, don't need to provide a separate implementation.
Use jEdit built-in VFS._backup since jEdit 5. 
Fixed #1936678 'too sensitive electric keys', making them work only when   a rule affecting the current line is found (unindentThisLine or   a closing bracket). For this to work the api must have been changed:   indent.IndentRule became an abstract class (previously an interface)   providing a new method: getRuleName. 
pre-release revbump: 2.8.3
tagging XML Plugin 2.8.3 for release
Fixed an unexpected change of behavior that break a line shorter than before when a whitespace or a span of whitespaces strides over the wrap margin. (Now any number of whitespaces go beyond the wrap margin as before.) 
Added the option (in Editing section) to control electric keys mode:   'on', 'smart', 'brackets only' or 'off'. Default is 'on'. FR #3514076.
Removed quotes from section titles as they didn't show up in toc.
Added extensive documentation on electric keys. Please correct language errors directly or send me a note.
Electric keys smart mode: made brackets be treated always as electric.   It's because of the problems in detecting when the bracket rules match.   So the case when a bracket is inside a string literal is still waiting   for better handling. Maybe by further extension of the IndentRule class.
Removed debugging code.
Finally found a way to treat electric brackets in a 'smart' way. Now   if they are inside string literals, they don't trigger reindentation.   Making IndentRule.lineMatches method public was needed.
The plugin will no longer switch to defer mode (#3522011)
Fixed ArrayDeclarator that do not give as used variable the array variable (#3490006)
added explicit folds fixed version history
updated plugin dependencies
Made merge work again.
Update to svnkit 1.7.4 libraries.
Ugh, this should have been part of the last commit to handle the svnkit 1.7 jars.
Removed unneeded javahl jar.
Updated dependencies, version number, and included jars list.
Removed super-annoying log message.
mention czech localization.  
fixed lib dependency antl4-runtime-3.4.jar > antlr-runtime-3.4.jar
Merged #3512478 r21467: Fixed favorites menu actions (#3512250) the menu was broken because of removal of deprecated DirectoryEntry class that was replaced by VFSFile
-Menu bar and major submenus mostly translated.  -Fixed mispelled words -"View" and "Caret" parts re-translated -Something about 2,000 lines are translated from 2,600. -comments "#upravit" show parts where some lines arent still translated -comments "#zkontrolovat" show parts where translation needs to be consulted with some Czech speakers
Fixed plugin bug #2194479 - NullPointerException when running detached processes that print to stderr.
Fixed bug #3218443 - ambiguous class popup when class node name overlaps with class names in classpath.
Improved Ada mode, 2012 support. (patch #3523836 Peter C. Chapin)
Added SPARK annotations to Ada mode. (request #2860105 Britt)
Some slight code cleanup.
Tagging 3.1.3.
Re-tagging 3.1.3.
Tagging 3.1.3.
Fixed missing para sections in users-guide after my last changes.
Added a check for electric key (in smart UTL mode) before the insertion   of the character is done, as suggested by Kazutoshi:   http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-jedit-Bugs-3523766-std-in-C-remains-unindented-as-a-label-tp4955036p4960905.html
Editing application should be spawned, not to block the ant script.
Bumping version for 1.0.0 release. Updated changelog.
Tagged 1.0.0 for release 
Added removePosition method to buffer.PositionManager. Explicit removal   is not necessary, but should improve performance, because maintaining   unneeded positions is expensive. They are adjusted with every   text insertion and removal.
Fixed another border case in smart UTL electric keys mode: fun(a ? x :
Merge req #3514600: Jar-cache not removed.  
Removing merged bugfix.  
Exceptional rule for merge requests, as an outcome of the discussion: http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-merge-requests-procedure-tp4965107p4976210.html
-Wide modifications of some translations -additional translation of yet untranslated parts
Added second electric keys smart mode: smart DMI (Disabled by Manual   Indentation). (request #3523811 Jarek Czekalski)
Fixed incorrect way of initialization of electricKeysMode property
Small wording improvement in label.  
Merge req#3514616: Fixed IO error when changing VFS Browser filter content 
Merged into 4.5.2 
Translation finished
Merge req# 3520578 - Fix NPE for ViewOptionPane.  
Added a directory with test cases for indentation issues.
Removed newline character from electric keys in shellscript   mode. All jedit modes should be consistent in electric keys   usage, and no modes except shellscript use it.   After introducing restrictions on electric keys activity, having   newline as an electric key has little justification. 
Someone forgot to update www with their changes.
Reduced the number of time expensive calls to Gutter.setFont, by not reacting   to contents changes that do not change line count.   Related patches: #3527797 (search and replace optimization), #3528196.  
Removed the superfluous space, that prevented the interpretation of the   default value as boolean. (patch #3528201, Thomas Meyer) 
Optimized LineManager.getLineOfOffset for the case when it is called   sequentially many times for the same line. (patch #3528212 Thomas Meyer)
Created a directory for debugging staff, put there 3 samples.
Implemented NLO (New Line Only) electric keys mode, inspired by post   http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-Comments-on-smart-DMI-electric-key-mode-tp4980181.html
Fixed invalid splitting of Chunk which became possible after r21633. 
Changed calculation of wrap margin to be based on an average character width instead of a width of a space which gave very narrow wrap margin for proportional fonts. 
Made markers list selectable with keyboard. (patch #3509642 Tom Power)
Changelog. 
Fixed #3484053, improper handling of InterruptedException in   ThreadUtilities.runInDispatchThreadAndWait.
Added a new case (05) to indentation problems examples
Updated some labels to better reflect reality.  
Got rid of JFileChooser in favor of VFSBrowser.  
Got rid of some NPEs...  
Don't emit the VFSPathSelected message unless we are in "browser" mode.   
Merge request# 3517297: Fix freezes in hypersearch with encoding errors.  
part2 of Merge req# 3517297: Fix freezes in hypersearch with encoding errors.  
Thanks to: jarek.  
Removed merged entries. 
Moved all the vfs.browser properties together.  
More changes edits.  
Made 05.sh example more realistic and shorter.
Removed from changelog the entry that was applied as merge request #3512478,   with r21652.
Don't guess which View, use the correct one that is associated with this VFSBrowser.  
fixed ZenCoding template when in the middle of a line
fixed spelling
Fix color highlight when using softwrap (patch #3521997 from funa take)

added next version entry
Fixed jEdit version dependency
Added commons-logging dependency (runtime dependency)
Create branch jedit-4.5
jedit 4.5 compatibility
getting back everything and preparing to tag 2.8.3-jedit
Create tag release-2.8.3-jedit-4.5
depend on jEdit 5.0, newest version of plugins
Create tag release-2.8.3-jedit-5.0
Fixed VFS._backup when the file to backup does not yet exist.
Fixed #1803073, "Backup on every save" resets file permissions, by removing   _backup method dedicated for local filesystem (in io.FileVFS).   The removed method was doing "rename". The general _backup method   from io.VFS._backup does "copy" using general VFS methods.
ThreadUtilities improvements: new method runInDispatchThreadNow(),    code simplification of runInDispatchThreadAndWait(), javadoc.   New method will help fix #3528208, probably in next commit.
Reverted the recent series of changes for the problematic behavior of electricKeys. This reversion is meant to be a preparation for the finally concluded fix which came out from the discussion about these changes. http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-Why-electric-keys-need-separate-modes-in-their-effect-tp4976021.html  Specifically, r21630,21634,21636-21639,21662-21663,21667-21668, 21673-21674,21687 were reverted with reverse merge command. There was only one conflict on CHANGES.txt which was easy to resolve. 
Made EditBus.send uninterruptible, as it was before putting handling of   messages into EDT (r17139, for 4.4). (#3526923 Jarek Czekalski) 
Restricted the trigger of electricKeys to reduce annoyance of them that cancel obvious manual indentations. (SF.net Bug #1936678, #2332140)  This restriction was invented after some prior trials, which were reverted in r21723, and superseded them. http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-Why-electric-keys-need-separate-modes-in-their-effect-tp4976021.html 
Supplied the missing colon so that collapseFolds in CHANGES.txt work as before. 
Brought back the javadoc, that was gone after revert in r21723
Electric keys documentation
[Artem Bryantsev] ANSI escape code parser for Console plugin Patch #3530149, FR #2510255  
added .jars property.  
Just label fixes.  
Changelog. 
Got rid of jcfunc.jar in favor of building sources into Console.jar  
Removed old duplicate class, since we no longer care about jEdit 4.2 compatibility! 
Implemented new api for debugging time dependant issues: Debug.compDelay 
Fixed partial parsing
hide exceptions in ZenCoding parsing as it is not a bug
Changelog only. 
Implemented comparable in JEditBuffer and Buffer, to allow for   resource ordering. The discussion:   http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-dealing-with-deadlocks-in-jedit-avoid-them-tp4998871.html   Wiki:   https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/jedit/index.php?title=JEdit_api_common_pitfalls#Deadlocks
Mention html5 and css3 in description.  
Implemented "Plugin Central default" as auto selecting mirror, and made it default. (SF.net bug #2913393, #3501210)  The "switch" workaround had been made since r10595 for bug #1757229. 
Removed done item.  
Remove backup on every save tooltip. Also cleaned up some API docs.  
setting correct jedit version
Comment fix.  
Depends on quicknotepad 5.0 
Merged #3528753 r21697: Don't emit the VFSPathSelected message unless   we are in "browser" mode.
Added a test directory containing a macro to test the plugin   under heavy stress.
Fixed a deadlock #3526070 and concurrency issues #3530999. Details:   1. Deadlock was occuring because the message registering the error source      was sent in a blocking way, waiting for EDT. I changed it to      EditBus.sendAsync to make it non-blocking. With this change it      was necessary to wrap all the errors collected so far inside a      message. Otherwise errors that would be added between the call      to sendAsync and the execution of ErrorList.addErrorSource (on EDT)      would be added twice.   2. Adding new errors simultaneously with registering a new source      caused errors and concurrent modification exceptions,      so I made both ErrorSource.registerErrorSource and      DefaultErrorSource.getAllErrors synchronized on ErrorSource object,      as it was with DefaultErrorSource.addError.   ErrorSourceUpdate constructor was added to allow for messages containing   errors (previously only one error). To make 3 argument constructor   non-ambigous if the 3rd argument is null, another constructor was added   accepting only 2 arguments. All the constructors are public.
Prepared jedit for undocumented null in zipFile.getInputStream, #3531320
Fixed errors appearing twice at first time, #3028049. The way was needed   to process the message that triggers show-up of the dockable. Previously   this message was not reaching the dockable and a workaround was used:   adding all error sources and their errors at dockable initialization.   This was not thread safe and was leading to error duplication.
Shellscript mode: changed electric keys to better fit current jEdit   capabilities in this area. Discussion:   http://jedit.9.n6.nabble.com/jEdit-devel-electric-keys-for-shell-mode-tp4998749.html
Removed an entry which was a fix of a regression, not a changes since 4.5.x. (See merge request #3481766) 
Reverted r21739 - controversial anti-deadlock rules.
Fixed unbalancing explicit folds. 
Added a new exception of merge process to allow translation updates which will likely come after pre-release. 
Fixed plugin bug #3530817 - Console wrong LF after running a command to buffer (Windows). Fixed some minor bugs in StreamThread.
Sync Japanese localization to jedit_en. (but work in progress) 
Fixed #2311948, auto-displayed ErrorList kills CompletionPopup
Japanese traslation completed based on r21759. 
Updated to pre-release version of svnkit 1.7.5 as this will fix the memory leak reported in svnkit-88.
Fix for memory lead in svnkit.
Replaced common controls java 1.5 compatible swing worker with java 1.6 swing worker.
Replaced common controls closeable tabbed panel with JTabbedPane.
Fixed unchecked conversion warnings.
Need this for the SwingWorker update, should have been in a previous commit.
The plugin description in install panel now supports html (#3509183)
Fixed exception in dockable window system when loading a plugin using jar libraries (#3532429)
Fixed a syntax error in Buffer_Switcher.bsh.  This had been broken since r21353. 
Allow negative numbers.
Nsis mode improvement: added sectiongroup and deprecated subsection -   (patch #3531776 Uwe - donovaly)
Made "Customize This Menu..." item in context menu optional -   (patch #3530786 Tom Power)
Added a new test case.   
#1780785 - C/C++ string syntax doesn't recognise '\' for strings  
rolling back previous commit. oops!  
Manual selection of EOL was replaced to a call system property "line.separator".  Code generated for debugging purposes was removed. Now in the case of output unterminated strings (without any EOL) response time from the working process is fixed (50 ms).
Show a preview of the window rather than a low-resolution icon when minimizing on Mac OS X (#3529980)
Moved a note for internal usage in javadoc not to expose internal things as public API docs. Also fixed invalid links in it. 
Moved locale specification for javadoc task to be set first so that it works.  There was a old bug which reported the problem like this and had been  fixed. But it seemed not working at this time. https://issues.apache.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=4984 
Added missing quotes to show README and CHANGES from Windows installer. 
Started the release branch for 5.0.x 
Bumped the trunk version to 5.1 since the release branch for 5.0.x had been created. 
Tagging 5.0pre1 for release. 
Updated for the release of 5.0pre1. 
#3528589: Ugly green buttons are not green anymore.  
API docs only. 
javadoc again. 
Updated releasing-jedit to mention the fact that the release entry  may already exist in the plugin manager database.  
Docs only.  
s/5/5.1 
Fixed a bug in "open in desktop" where it didn't work on paths with spaces or funny characters before (on non-windows platforms, anyway). Also moved code to MiscUtilities so it can be reused by plugins.   
Cleanup - no need for canonPath().  
Cleaned up CHANGES to make it ready for the release of 4.5.2. 
Japanese translation maintenance:   All of OK and Cancel are simplified.   Better Japanese message for r21772.
API Docs. 
Fix message reference in error dialog. A button caption of error dialog was for shortcut key setting originally. 
Updating docs. fixing folds.  
fixed compilation error & plugin version
Fix for rev 21796: Separate message entry to keep "Remove Current" in error dialog.
Fixed #3534917 Plugin translations not read as UTF-8
API docs. 
Fix bad thread handling for message queue.
Eliminate duplicate entries in display when adding files.
Updated jcfunc.* to version 1.1. See /jcfunc/changelog.txt.
javadocs. 
cleanup and fix non working suggestions (suggestions are deactivated)
Tagging 4.5.2 for release.
Update the version number to 4.5.3
update to latest version
Removed redundant length fields from UndoManager.Insert/Remove. They were always equal to the length of the strings which are held as another field. (SF.net patch #3531538) 
Removed redundant hashCode field from UndoManager.RemovedContent. It seemed a workaround for a performance problem in a very old JVM implementation. Now, java.lang.String can cache its hash code in it, and major JVM implementations do that since over a decade ago. (SF.net patch #3531538) 
A small correction of r21811, which accidentally changed a behavior. (SF.net patch #3531538) 
Removed redundant inKillRing field from UndoManager.RemovedContent. It seemed to be held for performance, but the time complexity is linear with or without it. It was rather an overhead about memory and code complexity. (SF.net patch #3531538) 
Replaced class UndoManager.RemovedContent with unwrapped String. The class had became a large memory overhead since removal of its fields done in r21810-21813. (SF.net patch #3531538) 
Reduced code duplication in ContentManager. This is a preparation for further changes proposed in patch #3533838. 
Fix path to debian file in debian repository metadata
fixed a bug when splitting the textarea
Implementation proposal for #3535945 to fix property priority order. PropertyManager: added pluginLocalizations list. PluginJAR: modified to use separated PropertyManager's prop list.
Updated jcfunc.* to version 1.1.1. See /jcfunc/changelog.txt.
New API for specifying the View of an ErrorSource - #2106739  
#3536039: Console displays same errors in all views.  
#3536039: Console displays same errors in all views  
Fixed #3536025, Sidekick displays same errors in all views (XML plugin)  
Tagging ErrorList 2.0 for release. 
Fixed typo.  
Tagging FastOpen 2.5 for release. 
Bumping version, changing tabsize to 4.   
Changelog. 
Tabsize=4. 
Tabsize=4. 
Tabsize=4.  
Tabsize=4. 
tabsize=4. 
Follow up for r21818: Calling removePluginLocalizationProps() was missing when plugin unloaded.
Made separate method for processing of SGR's parameters.

Added new features like using textArea color are background for Text field, differential color for file & its paths in search result, zebra style highlight, Camelcase search and fixed bug Bug #3517260. See FastOpen docs for more details.
Added new features like using textArea color are background for Text field, differential color for file & its paths in search result, zebra style highlight, Camelcase search and fixed bug Bug #3517260. See FastOpen docs for more details.
Deprecating the single-argument DefaultErrorSource ctor. API docs.  
Removing tag in preparation for retagging. 
FastOpen has a build-depend on 5.x but can run fine against 4.5.x  
Updated docs. 
Attempt to fix# 3480846.  
changelog. 
Javadoc comments only. 
Fix for tracker 3536135, show error message on invalid key.
fixing mistake in console.props. javadocs bumping version to 4.9  
Javadocs. 
Fixed #3307762: Right click close on directory nodes. Patch# 3536753 - Patric Bechtel.  
fixed property file not saved as utf-8
Added back and forward by file from patch 3520045 by Tom Power.
Replace property hacking for the toolbar with an actual toolbar class.
Fixing #1103435 and #3530560.  
Don't return duplicates from getBuffers(). 
Bumping version to 1.4. 
Tagging 1.4 for release. 
api docs  
Fixed bug when trying to open file with line number as selection was not going to the requested lineno. Also removed some SOP from PollingIndexManager.
Fix for bug #1103435 when a file is opened with a lowercase drive letter and another one in the same directory with uppercase drive letter, the two files were separated in the bufferlist tree
Added mnemonics for popup menus in File System Browser (Commands, Plugins,   Favorites). (request #3531054 Jarek Czekalski)
#3536568 - Console colors a text incorrectly using escape functions.
Removed unused fields/variables. Added complementary comments.
Documentation only. 
Bumping version for release. 
Tagging 5.0 for release. 
Tagging FastOpen 2.5 for release. 
Updated for ErrorList 2.0 
updating depends/docs. 
Retagging. 
Retagging errorlist 2.0 
Added a post-release task that clean up doc/CHANGES.txt on trunk so that it keep showing the fact.  Previously, merged changes were removed from the list as a post-merge task. But it meant getting out of the fact since the base version was one not released yet. 
Fixed NPE in GdbPlugin.Debugger$OutOfBandHandler on   empty reason field (patch #3498014 Pavel Demin)
BufferSets. 
New method: View.getBuffers(), aware of bufferset scope.   
fixing Folds, bracket formatting, api docs.  
Duplicate changelog entry. 
Tagging 1.4 for release. 
docs. 
Made mnemonic for 'Whole word' (in search dialog) visible
MiscUtilities.openInDesktop() no longer throws IOException.   
Added an option to choose the language
added french support
Removed unnecessary local variables. This is a minor code cleanup part from patch #3528619 by Thomas Meyer. 
Avoided unreasonable memory consumption by duplicate String instances that could be allocated for each occurrence in a big search&replace-all. (Patch #3528619 by Thomas Meyer) 
Dropped the artificial limitation to 1024 chars on expanding the gap in ContentManager. Now it always use the complete remaining buffer which is expanded in a geometric progression. This change greatly speeds up big search&replace-all operations in which case copying in moveGapEnd() exhibited quadratic operation. Now it is amortized linear. (Patch #3533838 by Thomas Meyer, tweaked by me) 
More restricted visibility of inner classes of UndoManager to make it easy to understand the impact of further restructuring will be reasonably limited. 
Moved reference to UndoManager in each Edit instance to parameters of undo()/redo() method to lower memory consumption. 
Fix #3533666: Attribute completion after self-closed tag 
Bumping version. 
#3539123 - Console: NPE when command starts in background.
Moved a premature call to getLastEdit() in getMergeEdit(). This is a small cleanup beside the aim of patch #3531515. 
Sometimes the plugin manager doesn't go to the front when it first appears.  I suppose this depends on window managers and other conditions, but I hope this will reduce the chances of it happening.   
Made the DTD conform more closely to the output format of the plugin manager app. 
Merged #3534174 r21791-21792,21801,21880: Fixed a bug in "open in desktop" where it didn't work on paths with spaces or funny characters before (on non-windows platforms, anyway). Also moved code to MiscUtilities so it can be reused by plugins, new MiscUtilities.openInDesktop() method.
Added missing changelog entry and fixed "since" entry for   MiscUtilities.openInDesktop()
Implemented Feature request #2931321 - Disable obsolete plugins  
Unsupported is better for the status string here. 
Fixing changes 
Bumping version.  
Very crude Jamon template highlighting support.
Some improvements to the jamon mode.
minor changes and fixed coding style
factorized some code about Edit pane creation
added @Nonnull & @Nullable annotations to arguments of constructor and setBuffer methods
Fixed plugin bug #3539123 - NullPointer Exception when running in background command/application tries to write something to stdout or stderr.
Added to do.
Added to do.
Now also checks for obsolete=true attribute in the <branch> of the plugin list xml. So it will now disable Clipper plugin, for example. 
Docs only. 
Fixed VFS session not ended in VFS.copy() api #3522406
API Docs, reformatting. 
Bumping version. 
checkForObsolete: Also check if the plugin is in the deprecated pluginset.  
Ok, nevermind about deprecated plugins.  
fixed a wrong accent
Use of a scrollable list for delete dialog confirmation #2911520
Do not assign AbbreviationSetLabel variable in the macro Display_Abbreviations #3539691
Fix for View that do not remember their position if they are maximized #3474127
Japanese translation for recent changes below. r21916: Use of a scrollable list for delete dialog confirmation #2911520 r21896, r21897: Implemented Feature request #2931321 - Disable obsolete plugins
reverted changes done in 21918 as it introduce another bug Two bounds must be saved, one for full screen the other one for normal state
Made "disable obsolete plugins" an option. Now also searches for later branches of the plugin, and only marks the plugin unsupported if the latest branch doesn't support this version of jEdit.   
Changelog. 
fixed errors in javadoc generation (missing jsr305)
FastOpen now uses jEdit's "Extra Word Characters" settings.
removing in preparation for retagging.  
Retagging 
Updated 2.5 release date.
fix PB #3531320
extend test case for PB #3533666
Merge branch 'trunk' into jedit-4.5  Conflicts: 	XML.props 	docs/CHANGES.txt 	docs/users-guide.xml 	xml/JEdit5Support.java
depend on jEdit 4.5 on this branch
Updating user guide with zen-coding explanations
Fix pressing return in parent files of the VFS browser that do not browse the selected folder as it should (patch #3543499)
Better handling of initial scheme.
Made dialog modal for use outside of this plugin, specifically for use by the Look and Feel plugin.
Bumped version number.
Integration with Editor Scheme plugin.
fixed brace placement
In a CompoundEdit compact a sequence of Remove&Insert Edits into a Replace Edit; further compact consecutive Replace Edits into a CompressedReplace Edit object. (Patch #3531515 by Thomas Meyer) 
Completed svn 1.7 support.
Performance improvements for getting svn status for ProjectViewer.
Updated dependencies for release, don't include test classes.
Tagging for release.
Update to svnkit 1.7.5-v1.
Merge req# 3535791 - Fix path to debian file in debian repository metadata 
Fixed items collapsing on save (patch #3538054, Andy Balaam)
Fixed error in changelog, bumped version. 
tag for release
Added support for multiple interpreters and optional parameters for each one.
Bumping version number to 1.2
Changed classname for MSSQL driver.
Further adjustments for current MSSQL driver
*.ph is another perl extension I see in /usr/lib/perl/5.14/sys, for example.  
consider *.pod another perl extension  
Whoops, 1.1 hasn't been released yet. Switching version to that.
Tagging 1.1
fix typos in jedit_fr.props
Fixed not highlighting active filenames (#3545449, Gerard Smyth) 
Merge req# 3539693 - Fix for broken Display_Abbreviations macro 
transformations to run on SF's XML Export
add cache tag to prevent unnecessary backup
Merge req#3543506 - Fix for return key press in Browser 
changelog  
Made fetching noWordSep property consistent with the majority of code.   In most cases it seems to be more suitable to read it from buffer   (like in TextArea), not from mode.
Fixed bug #3522497, "Whole word" option does not work in Replace   with "Extra word characters", patch #3543524 Malathi
Added information about Extra word characters applying to Whole word searches.
Made use of ant 1.8.0 possibility to better control unless/if clauses.   After the change it's possible to have ivy.done=true   by default and override it from command line with ivy.done=false.
Fixed bug #1646584, filter not synchronizing in search dialog when   "All buffers" is selected. (patch #3549905 Eric Le Lay)
Created a setting allowing to suppress synchronizing filter in search dialog.   Some users prefer to have a constant filter and   they would like to synchronize only the directory. These users should   set search.dontSyncFilter to true. I introduced it as a hidden setting   (no gui), but I hope there will be an agreement for the gui also.
Simplified SearchDialog and DirectoryListSet code as discussed   in patch #3549670 by Eric Le Lay. Shortly speaking:   - SearchAndReplace.setSearchFileSet(fileset) sends the edit bus message     so the one here was redundant   - skip... members of DirectoryListSet were actually used only in one     function body, so it's more logical for them to be local variables
Set svn:eol-style to native in .java and .props files, which had not this flag set, probably due to forgetting
javadoc for Log: details about standard output interception
Optimized reading elasticTabstops property in TextArea   (patch #3533830 Thomas Meyer) plus my comments on   JEditBuffer.elasticTabstopsOn field.
Patch #3522179 - s/Global Options/Options in documentation.   
Patch #3522179 - s/Global Options/Options in documentation. 
Updated ColdFusion mode (#3518536 Darien Brown)  
Updated Verilog mode (#3536967 Steve snarum-micron) 
init
The initial version could work but a little slowly, need clang installed and could be called directly in command line or bash.
fix a thing that could not be compiled...
Tom Power fixed problems with his patch #3530786 - new option appearing   in all context menu option panes, for example in VFS Browser.
Changed jedit file server for ivy, from switched of ovh to freefr
Fix "Customize This Menu..." item in context menu options (Merge req#3554895 Tom Power) 
Eliminate warning about include ant runtime.
Added 1.7 as a choice for default working copy format.
Suppress warnings about SVNURL.parseURIDecoded being deprecated. It's still okay to use it.
add warning that content is not live; add rsync script
Code clean up as recommended by PMD.
New debugging option "Beep on output", request #3551931.
Docs. shortcuts.  
tabsize = 4. indentsize = 4. 
Fixed bug #1964864, macros appearing in the menu with full paths, instead of filenames. (patch #2885757, Steve Gough)
Optimize to make completion a little faster, add ability to work with header files.
add link to tarball; enhance rsync script
Applied majority of changes suggested by #2013241 to stylesheet.css,   mainly font face and contrast, removal of unused body_text section.   Removed unused styles.css file.
Merge req# 3552742: Fix extra word characters in whole word searches #3522497 
changelog.  
Added russian translation (patch #3544154)
Fixed russian localization that was written using escape codes, I don't know why IntelliJ does that
Fix a case where a NPE occurs when removing a plugin (#3557441)
Fixed shellscript do escape single quote literal with backslash but shouldn't (#3557453)  I had to remove the rule escape char because if the span do not have one, it use the parent escape char
fix the cmd line cannot be execed on linux.
call clang to check syntax when buffer saved
fix compile warnings in tests
fix bug: EditTagDialog insert null ns for XSL (built-in) completion
fix bug when proposing undeclared namespaces in completions.  Introduce xml.NamespaceBindings class to protect from other errors due to ambiguities in Map<String,String> for NS bindings
Clear error list before check syntax
Provide a better error parser.
3558537: Console: restore values from properties destroys user custom error patterns. 
Made the reset button hovertip more clear too.  
fix cannot parse clang too few arguments message as errors
add a todo list
removed addMenuItem() method that should have been removed when removing the default popup menu
Added a right click popup menu with a copy action in the Error dialog (#3557023)
Make_Bug_Report macro now use logs edit mode to have a little coloring in the result
Added new methods IOUtilities.closeQuietly(ObjectInput) and  IOUtilities.closeQuietly(ObjectOutput)
Added some code to merge abbreviations when updating them in the sources.
new php abbreviations (patch #3515099)
new css abbreviations (patch #3514977)
new html abbreviations (patch #3514975)
Provide a thread lock to avoid invoking to many clang processes checking syntax
Provide a thread lock to avoid invoking to many clang processes checking syntax
Applying second patch from #3520045: Forward/back file actions for Navigator This has add'l checks for NPEs.  
reset is not the same thing as reload. 
Fill in the docs
Fixed bug #3556671, by using HashSet instead of Vector to collect errors   in ErrorList gui component. This made commit r21751 unnecessary,   so it was reverted.
Undo restores selection state in simple cases (deletions, replaces   on simple range selections). (patch #1570553 Maik Nijhuis, Thomas Meyer,   Jarek Czekalski)
Merge req# 3557444: Fix for plugin removal 
changelog. 
add link to Wiki on the website
fix typos in French localization
French localization: fix typo in previous commit
Bumping version in docs. 
Api docs, code formatting. 
 Fix memory usage of Buffer.calculateHash() (patch# 3560429, Thomas Meyer)  
Thanks to... 
- Enable ContextMenu via keyboard to VFS-BrowserView (#3560239, Thomas Meyer) 
 Avoid trouble with horizontal scrolling (Patch #3134788, EdorFaus)  
Send ViewUpdate.CREATED message _after_ peer is created. Needed to support OS X native full screen mode.
Add support for OS X Lion's full screen mode.
Correctly detect OS X (see Patch #3558572)
Moving items around so they are in the correct categories.  
Patch #3558317 - HyperSearch Wait for IO to finish - Thomas Meyer 
fixed coding style and reuse of the same byte array in the loop
use of a KeyAdapter
removed unused imports
fixed some hyperlinks parsing and updated version dependencies
fixed appendix parsing
Fixed plugin stop when the lucene index is not initialized
updated rfc index list up to 6713
Added highlight of chapter title in rfc edit mode
Fixed NPE in handlePropertiesChanged() method
ColdFusion Mode Update #3561048 
Added comment
The .jedit/modes/catalog is now written using UTF-8 instead of default OS encoding (#3560800)
fixed changelog according to the wiki: https://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/jedit/index.php?title=Coding_style#CHANGELOG
patch mode: recognize typical mercurial and git headers
XSLT to check for mistakes in mode files  only checks for unreferenced RULES sections and DELEGATE="..." to inexistant sections.
remove leftover BACK_TO_XML from html,maven,tld modes, see #3559973
fix reference to java::JAVADOC in bcel mode, see #3559973
fix reference to c::LEX in objective-c mode, see #3559973
copy missing JAVADOC_PARAM from java to vala mode, see #3559973
remove leftover SUB_NAME from r12530 in perl mode, see #3559973  remove leftover REGEXP from r5502 also
removed unused HEADER ruleset in mail mode, see #3559973
remove reference to missing RULES in clips mode, see #3559973  can't find anything special about [xxx] in http://clipsrules.sourceforge.net/documentation/v630/bpg.htm
double-quote symbols in ruby mode, see #3559973 and patch #1918110  added double-quote (:"hello") symbols, and enabled string interpolation in them, like double-quote string
fix ref to perl::VARIABLE in tthtml mode, see #1918110
remove unused rules and dangling ref in yaml mode, see #3559973
remove dangling ref in url mode, see #3559973  Remove dangling references to make a clean file that sone can enhance later.
fix ref to JAVADOC in rview mode, see #3559973
remove invalid ref in powerdynamo mode, see #3559973  I prefer to remove the invalid reference to have a clean mode. If there is interpolation in literals, requiring a separate ruleset, sone can add it later
small changes in tests
complete based heavily on syntax highlighting, fixes PB #3533666  Except for comments,cdata and entities, checks for token types and image to guess completion mode required (element, attribute).  Two variants:  - strict, working only for html,xml,xsl,ant,maven,tld  - non strict, working with all of them + javadoc Strict was made to prevent unwanted completions, but non strict has more possibilities to adapt to other modes.  Non-strict is on by default. If it works, it will stay so and strict mode will be removed. One can switch between strict and non strict by setting the boolean property "xml.try-modes-superset".
License. 
removing unused imports. 
1871440 - File Status checking after buffer switch does not always work.  
Fixed the StandaloneTextArea that cannot load keymaps (#3562023)
Fixed Bjrn again unicode escaped
Fixed Jakub Rozto?il
Added support for #include "header.h" hyperlinks in C,C++ and objective-C
Recover isValid method, delete {# and #} in description, correct synchronize mistake.
Create dir structure for new plugin.
Create dir structure for new plugin.
initial commit
File status checking before save (#3562315, Alan Ezust)  
#3562315 cont'd: if user has "do nothing" for "if files are changed on disk" option, then don't popup that dialog asking user to reload, just ignore the fact that it was changed.   
Rolling back previous change - it introduced unwanted side effects on buffer change.  
#3562323 again - use buffer flag instead of jedit property.  
Creating folder for Make plugin.
Initial upload.
Adding license text.
add pth support, remove useless args options
Add a option pane to jEdit as its option pane. Rename some classes. 
New System Shell option: check for changed buffers after command execution.  
3562975: Wrap lines in commando LONG_ENTRY 
Open_Selection macro: Added possibility to join current browser directory   and highlighted path to obtain a valid filename and open it.   Attention was paid to extend the functionality without changing current   behaviour.
Added SpellCheck to externals
fixed ambiguity
Use pth file when checking syntax. It will now complete without prefix.
New api VFSBrowser.getLastVisitedPath() that may be handy for use in macros.
fix a bug which cannot parse fatal error correctly, add arguments options again so it can parse objc source with correct arguments such as -fblocks, -isysroot
A little clean up before release.
no comment
Documentation updates.  
documentation. 
merging doc fixes. 
Making it extra clear the difference between default and buffer options.  
Fixed threading api comments (#3563789 Jarek Czekalski)
Convert WorkRequest to be more like a Task. Patch 3556968.
Finish conversion of WorkRequest users to Task API. Patch 3556973
Fix File status checking after buffer switch (#1871440 Alan Ezust)  
Check for changed buffers option removed. Now the jEdit general option is respected for Console too. Assumes patch# 3561943 was applied to 5.1pre1 and understands that the checkFileStatus values  mean something different depending on the version of jEdit running.  
ignore jEdit's broken setting for older versions of jEdit and always check.  
Sensible default context menus. 
Unescaping unicode 
moved strings to properties, licenses, doc update, additional warnings, general prep for release
Initial release.
added "unescape unicode in selection  
Updated build file and props. 
api docs, organized imports. 
Might as well have the reverse "escape" action too.  
fix npe on no selection. 
#3561227 - Russian Localization.  
changelog. 
improved openInDesktop() for gnome and kde desktops.  
Exclusive buffersets: Ignore dirty buffers.  
creating branch for disable obsolete plugins option in 5.0  
Merged disable obsolete plugins into a copy of 5.0 branch in prep for a merge.  
Forgot r22034 as part of merge request for #2931321 
Merged whatsnew change too.   
Merge req# 3561228: Write default catalog in UTF-8  
Merge req# 3562028: Broken StandaloneTextArea  
changelog. 
Merge req# 3563919, Fix #3563789, threading api comments 
fixing up build.xml 
Fixing documentation. 
Made the flagging of merged entries more clear and avoided use of not-yet-released version. 
Search all buffers now observes current BufferSet scope and can be restricted   to the current view's buffersets when scope is not global. (#3423442) 
API changes.  
Updates to the jEdit 5.1 AllBufferSet API.  
Added getView() to AllBufferSet for plugins like XSearch.  
Fix checkFileStatus default value during upgrade.  
javadocs. 
add -fblocks in all clang call as default, fix deprecation usage.
merged rev 21800 to plugin language resource files that were not read using UTF-8 #3534917
Updated for jEdit 5.1 API. #3564232  
Reviewed and accepted merge request #3562323. File status checking before save (bug #3562315)  It had been broken since r4898. In that revision, view.checkModStatus=true was gone from jedit.props but left used in Buffer.java as a condition to prompt the filechanged-save dialog. 
correct ambiguous constructor
remove bundled hunspellJNA sources, revbump  update bundled hunspellJNA jars to the ones from https://github.com/dren-dk/HunspellJNA.git @08371018c29a1564f5dcc1886a86f3a734b43ad0
Fixed encoding error in CHANGES.txt introduced in r22147. 
API docs, changelog.  
removed loadSystemProps(InputStream) method as we use the reader method instead
Fixed #3419550, autodetecting the encoding of xinsert files.
Restored inputStream closing, that was removed needlessly in r22153.
patch 3559971, highlight entity references in xml attributes (Eric Le Lay).
Changelog. 
Buffered input stream is much faster, doh!
Allow user to choose the working copy format during checkout.
Added PREVIOUS as a version in revision selection dialog.
Removed blank line at top so jEdit recognizes the build file as an Ant file.
Fix for 3552765, l&f in commit dialog text box. Tracker 3552765
Fix for 3555542, directory status not reset between calls to pv diff, so file would be treated as directory. Tracker 3555542
Fixed $Plugins appearing in VFS browser context menu, now mnemonic is assigned
Clean up conversion to Task API. Patch 3560625. 
Patch# 3560614 - Fix bug Fix bug 3551910 
#3564232 cont'd. Updates to jEdit 5.1 api. 
error-list.showOnError was duplicate key
Added squiggle underline style
- jeditresource:/ URL handler now also checks jEditHome for files so    it can be used to link to core documentation. (#3565139 Alan Ezust)  
hyperlink to docs. 
Undomanager: Don't compact significant edits (#patch 3560615 Thomas Meyer)   
Document API changes for patches: 1.) r22109 - Convert WorkRequest to be more like a Task. Patch 3556968. 2.) r22110 - Finish conversion of WorkRequest users to Task API. Patch 3556973 3.) r22164 - Clean up conversion to Task API. Patch 3560625. 
Had the case-sensitivity check backwards.
Deleting to replace with updated code.
tag for release
Merged FR 3565269, url handler now also checks jEdit home for files so it can be used to link to core documentation (#3565139 Alan Ezust)
Removed accidental CHANGES entry.  
Docs. 
Bumping to 1.5 
Tagging 1.5 for release. 
Addressing some of the comments from merge req#3564012.   
wget export.xml
Patch# 3566034 fix for 3017650 Autosave exception after multiline cut.   
API docs for check file status bit flags.  
download-deps target: Added possibility of verbose logging of the source   of the properties used to determine dependencies.
Added awtRunnableQueue to the standalone textArea. 
Also need reference to jsr305.jar for building standalone-textArea which is in ${lib.dir}/compile.  
add -isysroot support for objc completion.
plugin-release script: added call-plugin target
Added target caching, improved status messages, and started documentation.
Updates for jEdit 5 
Made setSelectedIndex() public.  
Refactored to use jEdit 5. 
Make setSelectedIndex() public, for reuse by of Optional plugin.  
Removed duplicate classes.  
Don't use same property as optional plugin.  
Undoing previous change, I thought I could fix a bug but it doesn't fix anything.  
Make sure startingIndex is not invalid before showing combined options.  
Updated changelog. 
Adding Rake and build target parameter support.
Actually support Rake build target parameters. =)
Improvements to build notifications and output.
Tagging 1.0.4 
Documentation updates and added ProjectViewer as a hard dependency.
Initial checkin of ConfigurableHyperlinks source
Adding actions.xml and additional minor refactoring.
Removing build.properties
Minor doc update
Tagging 1.0.0 release
Finished implementing "build project" action.
Fixing list formatting.
comments only.  
Fixed bugs #3568094 (switch to python shell before doing anything) and #3564011 (eval broken).
fix pb #3566344 XML: some errors go to stdout instead of errorlist
fix version number in users guide
Tell JDiff to refresh after revert.
Some updates for svnkit 1.7.5.
comment update
React to all buffer update messages.
Avoid index out of bounds exceptions.
Adjust version numbers.
Added sbt edit mode. Uses the same mode file as scala.  
Use a separate property (search.word.bar) for the "whole word search" in the search bar. The Search dialog label contains also the mnemonic, which is not needed (and takes redundant space on screen) in the search bar. 
Tracker 3562935, exact filename match not working to select edit mode.
Updates to token type documentation for writing edit modes.
Added a testcase for Qt C++. Currently it does not work.  
Backed out some java 1.7 code.
Broke the build for the stand-alone text area by including MiscUtilities. This fixes it.
Fix for tracker 3534140, added ability to not parse a project.
remove non-shortcut property from Mac OS X Keymap
fix wrongly named shortcut properties
move VFS Browser shortcuts from gui props to keymap and remove the properties from the translation files where they even were translated partly
remove duplicate property
Branch for new open NetRexx.
oops
oops
Branch for new open NetRexx.
Updated description. 
Documenting disable obsolete plugins.  
Updated docs.  
Fixed bug in saving checkbox state.
Start update 0.2.0 for open source NetRexx and bug fixes
Passing a view for clearing the errorlist. 
testcase.  
removed unused imports. Fixed a bug in shutdown() even though I don't see how this method is ever called. Added another test case to main.cpp.  
Bugfix in clear errors. Null checking and checking proper property now. 
Unused imports. 
shutdown bufferwatcher when plugin is stopped.  
Now error messages go to the correct view.  
Avoid NPE from when no active project is associated with this view.  
Bumping depends in prep for release. 
Tagging 1.3 for release. 
removed some debugging code.
A little faster on pv import filter and file status.
Removed duplicate list item. 
Added emacs macros.  
Moving emacs macros into Emacs directory.  
Updated emacs keymap to use emacs macros.  
Added some more shortcuts to emacs bindings.  
Changelog, removed duplicate binding.  
Updated FAQ.  
fix type in logging
fix whitespaces
add CHANGES.txt entry for fixing broken keymap properties
fix keymap duplication
translate underscores to spaces when displaying keymap names in the UI to eliminate files with spaces in the name
add a "German Keyboard" keymap that replaces shortcuts that are not reachable on a german keyboard by reachable ones
fix wrong JavaDoc comment
fix whitespaces
#3017650: Handle menu bar mnemonics with precedence over otherwise defined shortcuts as they are shown visually to the user
Fix for NPE thrown when no toolbar is present and properties change.
correctly determine whether Look and Feel did change to not touch it if it stays the same as this might cause delays and Exceptions
s/global/combined options 
Docs. 
make the main menu bar mnemonics unique and usable in every localization
MiscUtilities.globToRE -> StandardUtilities.globToRE  globToRE was moved to StandardUtilities in r6808
move SpellCheck repository to git 
- New ignoreLineRegex property on the mode configuration that allows to ignore lines given a regex (this new property superseeds the old useBigLinesForStripConfigs) - Added (but commented out) tool to change the line width. Was commented out because I found it wasn't really useful. Some of this code will be useful to add tool to change the line type (dotted, continuous...) in a next realease.
Added actions to update results panel to add or delete files from project viewer. Tracker 3571314
Added automatic import files and delete files from project viewer based on svn update. Tracker 3571314
Fix for tracker 3561909, failing to parse enum body content.
Generated from javacc.
Bumped EditorScheme required version to 1.5 to take care of tracker 3571990.
Updated descriptions.
Creating tags folder. 
Tagging 1.0
Cleanup. 
Removed obsolete files.
Prep for release, updated docs, removed reference to unused import, updated properties.
tag for release
prep for release
tag for release
deleting for replacement
tagging for release
tagging for release
Fixed errorlist depend. 
Open_Selection macro: the path under caret is used in case of no selection.
Open Selection macro: explicit folds
Open Selection macro: fixed missing comment slash
Fixed not working inner link
Allow to access XInsert variables from inside BeanShell macros run   as xinsert scripts.
Updated docs. 
Set current context also for named macros
Made BeanShell macro command insert the return value into the buffer
typo in properties, and removing trailing spaces. 
Merging 22305 into 1.0 tag. 
Don't clash with Classpath. 
Merge 22307. 
Reorg macro directories per David Requena.
Changelog update, now all changes since 2.6 are included
Added macro: Open Selection In Desktop (File section)
added missing label options.plugin-manager.list-cache.minutes (#3574373)
Don't clash with ClassPath! 
Added a tip about MarkerSets plugin. 
Remove old generated files. 
Remove redundant warning messages and trailing whitespace.  
wtfpl v4 + trailing whitespaces. 
Docs. 
added some hyperlinks and a proper <head> section to the docs.  
There is now a new encoding Native2ASCII which collapses unicode escapes in ISO-8859-1 files on read and expands characters that cannot be encoded with ASCII as unicode escapes on write. This encoding is the one Java properties files should be in.
Added mention of superabbrevs in docs. 
Set svn:eol-style on jedit_en.props to allow for easier merge requests
Mark file as text. Add a global abbrev for --  
set eol-style=native. 
Adding XML-configurable hyperlink source
Fixed #3574500, I/O error on first save attempt (when backup settings   incorrect).
Comments and whitespaces only. 
Comments and whitespaces only. 
Tagging 1.0.3 for release. 
Small changes to docs. 
Try to autosave the buffer and parse the autoasve file when the buffer is dirty.
added missing label options.plugin-manager.list-cache.minutes (#3574373)
Fixed word at caret and selection highlight not highlighted immediately when activating the option (#3574730)
fixed translation
fixed indent size since tabs are only 4 spaces width
Fixed recognition of FtpPlugin as a dependency
NetRexx plugin supports compiling and interpreting programs, scripts and jEdit macros. This plugin repaces older plugins NetRexxJE, NetRexxDE, and NetRexxScript. Authors: Satguru Srivastava, David Requena, Kermit Kiser
NetRexx plugin supports compiling and interpreting programs, scripts and jEdit macros. This plugin repaces older plugins NetRexxJE, NetRexxDE, and NetRexxScript. Authors: Satguru Srivastava, David Requena, Kermit Kiser
NetRexx plugin supports compiling and interpreting programs, scripts and jEdit macros. This plugin repaces older plugins NetRexxJE, NetRexxDE, and NetRexxScript. Authors: Satguru Srivastava, David Requena, Kermit Kiser
NetRexx plugin supports compiling and interpreting programs, scripts and jEdit macros. This plugin repaces older plugins NetRexxJE, NetRexxDE, and NetRexxScript. Authors: Satguru Srivastava, David Requena, Kermit Kiser
copying
Remove bad file
Restore link to missing help.
Make all plugin dependencies optional.
Resolved ambiguous method calls so it builds against 5.1pre1. 
Update to 0.2.4 level - Fix line count bug in addprefix if first line empty, mod android ide scripts to allow hiding console
Fixed whole word search (#3551515)
merged rev 22276 (merge request #3572975)
removed an entry that was merged in 5.0.x branch
fix coding style
Update to 0.2.5 version
Complete jEdit 4.2 support changes just in case needed.
merged r22230 && r22264 (merge request #3572790)
removed entry that was merged in 5.0.x
merged r22231 to fix some wrong shortcuts (merge request #3572791) 
Fix macro Add_jEdit_prefix
- Deprecated extra overloads of IOUtilities.closeQuietly() in favor of   using Java5 closeQuietly(Closeable) instead.  
Rolling back previous change. 
Removed ambiguous and deprecated function calls in favor of Closeable interface. 
incomplete api documentation of VFSBrowser constants (#3562060) 
Fix bugs 2832769, 2998294, and 3193168 - Hopefully nothing else breaks by this invasive change. *Somebody* should create some unit tests to transform fear into boredeom...
changelog. 
Changelog for   (Patch#3567959, Bugs 2832769, 2998294, and 3193168 - Thomas Meyer) 
s/opened/visited/ for hovertip of exclusive buffersets.  
s/opened/visited in tooltip for exclusive buffersets. 
Merge request 3577121: Fix for 2832769, 2998294, and 3193168 
marked merged changelog entry.  
Merge req# 3572848: correctly determine whether Look and Feel did change  
Setting eol-style=native. 
Try again? 
Setting eol-style=native for the other files too. 
eol-style=native 
eol-style=native 
eol-style=native 
Disable menu bar mnemonics if they are mapped as otherwise defined shortcuts so that they are not shown visually to the user when they actually do not work and make sure that no conflict can arise with the default keymap and any localization
revert unitentional changes in german localization
Reverting accidental change to build.xml  
ToggleHeaderSource: Do nothing if mode is not C or C++ 
merge req# 3572793 - Fix keymap duplication handling  
Merge req# 3572795 - Translate underscores to spaces when displaying keymap names in the UI to   eliminate files with spaces in the name. (Bjrn "Vampire" Kautler)  
- Added a new German keymap. Replaced shortcuts that were unreachable   on a german keyboard. Moved shortcuts from German localization into   keymap. (Merge req #3572796) 
Merge req# 3572835.  
Marking merged entries.  
Escape # characters in properties files according to property sidekick! 
Merge req# 3575214 - I/O Error on First Save Attempt.  
Rolling back rev# 22360 - turns out BROWSER_DIALOG is actually not a directory-restricted browser, but just a multi-file open dialog.  I will properly document it in the next commit. 
BROWSER_DIALOG is actually OPEN_MULTI_DIALOG.  Deprecated BROWSER_DIALOG.  
Undoing rename of the BROWSER_DIALOG. Attempt at fixing # 3562060. 
No API changes. Just docs.  
Fixed javadoc target. 
Update to 0.2.6 level - Android IDE fixes.
Merge req# #3572965: make the main menu bar mnemonics unique and usable in every language. 
Merge req# 3551515: Fix whole word search.  
Docs only. 
Got rid of possible NPE if invalid path is received for handleNodeSelected (groups, for example).  
Rollback 22384 - in fact, propertysidekick has a bug and should not report this line as an error. 
Sync Japanese localization to jedit_en. 
Fix for tracker 3578769, continuation lines not handled properly.
Fix for tracker 3578771, improper handling of # in property key.
Added a tip about validating mode files.  
More to the tip. 
Better tip. 
V0.2.7 - initial combined compile/interpret window
Rolling back previous change. For some reason this doesn't work correctly.  
ToggleHeaderSource 1.6 - bugfix release. 
Update help files.
Explicit folds. 
Fix position issue when using goBackFile/goFowardFile actions after leaving file by another method  - Add method to clear/add file jump marker - Call when exiting using goBack/goForward and jump  
Added mention of german keyboard keymap. Reordered whats new items.  
emacs macros localization. 
Fixed #3579788, not doing backups on windows when no backup directory given
update to Saxon-HE 9.4.0.6
clarify: we do bundle saxon9-unpack.jar
Select word before caret if no selection exists, when invoking the escape or unescape unicode actions. 
Get rid of file.separator.  
description. 
Bugfix. 
Implicitly prepend \u before a string if it matches \d+ when unescaping unicode.   
oops. it's hex. 
hexadecimal 2-5 length. also use textArea.selectWord() which works better anyway. 
Added a doc file. 
Bumping version to 1.2.4 
Docs only.  
Tagging 1.2.4 
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Changed bridgeheads to sections so they show up in toc. 
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Bumping version depends. 
Do we still have to maintain a separate ivy.xml file? 
1.0.1 was never released 
updated changelog. 
svn keywords 
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Updated tip88. 
Updated some tips. 
Removing some of my own weird plugin shortcuts from emacs keymap 
Tagging 1.1 for release. 
Documentation updates. 
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Start 0.2.8 updates
Updated more tips.  
Complete updates for 0.2.9
Fix German translation
several small fixes: spelling, unused imports, use createVFSSessionSafe in DirectoryListSet
Changelog. 
Tagging 1.8 for release. 
Merge Req #3581708 not doing backups on windows when no backup directory given  
Use an initialization block in JEditBuffer to avoid duplicate code. Patch# 3577605 Thomas Meyer  
#3577605 - Menu mnemonics for Russian localization  
Merging patch# 3573436 - Russian Menu Mnenomics. 
Fix a bug that clangcompletion cannot parse "COMPLETION: getString : [#const std::string &#]getString()[# const#]" correctly
Add null check so it works with no active project in pv, provide better prototype display.
Fix for tracker 3582811, the fix for 3578771 broke comment parsing.
Incorrect comments. oops! 
Updated nsis2 mode (# 3586538 Uwe Sthr) 
#3585212 - Make context menu key work in HistoryTextArea (Thomas Meyer) 
Enable context menu key for HistoryTextField also.  
Tracker #3581577, add accelerator keys for Find and Replace.
#3584497 - goto line dialog should go to end of line when given a line number that is greater than line count - Thomas Meyer 
FR #3472822 - Console + Task Monitor Long-term processes (commands of current OS shell) are implemented as Tasks. Process marked with '&' is background processes, process marked with '#' has closed input channel.
Adjusted focus traveral order, made all components accessible by keyboard only.
Upgraded to latest Substance 7.2 jars, added support for new Cerulean skin.
Last updates for Substance 6.1.
Prep for release.
Prep for release.
Tag for release.
Prep for release.
Removing obsolete Substance 6.1 code.
Removed step to build substance 6.1.
Tag for release.
removed CTagsInterface as it is not on svn anymore
Added a tip about toggle comments 
provide a better parser
Remove deprecation warning. 
set version to be released to 5.0.0 and fix whitespaces
Tagging 5.0.0 for release.
3587590 - Don't hardocde localhost.   - Thomas Meyer If the host is null then an InetAddress representing an address of the loopback interface is returned. See RFC 3330 section 2 and RFC 2373 section 2.5.3.   
Bumping version depend. 
Tagging FTP 1.0.1 for release 
Update the dependencies
Some fix for the document
Tagging 0.1  
update to latest version
Tagging 5.0.0 for release.
revert wrong copy operation
Update the version number to 5.0.1
Update the base version of CHANGES.txt to 5.0.0
Remove merged entries from changes.txt 
Added a few JS abbrevs
Improving some abbrevs and adding some (js, title, meta, window.open)
changelog. 
fix #3533751 old modes/catalog entries clutter properties  Fixed by not reusing the old Mode instances when reloading them.
parse maven files as XML; add test_data/maven
fix completion in maven and tld files  the "project" tag was renamed to the artifactId in a way not expected by XmlParsedData when getting completion. Better keep XmlTag.name as the original name and store a new name in a subclass RenamedXmlTag.  Maven files are handled a bit specially, so add the maven schema to the built-ins.
3590583 Console: Can't disable error patterns. 
DefaultErrorSource: resolvesymlinks when calling setPath() 
Changelog. 
updated dependencies
added zencoding information

xml-open-schema for XSD schema bindings also  If there is one XSD schema binding in the file, it is accessible via xml-open-schema action. For multiple XSD schema bindings (like one schema per namespace), only the first schema is opened. This is to save the complexity of opening split views, etc.
Fix for tracker 3584815, wait cursor not reset when canceled out of dialog. Tracker 3584815
Patch 3582760: fix window class on gnome/linux
Move functionality from OutputStreamTask.java to: 1. ConsolePane.java - exchange of line's breaks (EOL) 2. AnsiEscapeParser.java - parsing vt100 command 
- add documentation on AnsiEscapeParser. - now can setup to parser both type of default text color: foreground (font) color and backgrond color
Create tag SaxonPlugin-9-4-0-6
actually add the Saxon archive
false start
Create tag SaxonPlugin-9-4-0-6
Re-added missing OS/2 support code. (#3589903) 
* support JEdit ver.5 tab spacing. * new feature: option to draw thin stripes
* updated default java-mode configuration
* preparing candyfolds ver. 1.2.0 release tag
* preparing release-1.2.0 tag
* last minute change fix
* preparing candyfolds release tag 1.2.0
Ignore the mrj.version system property - it doesn't exist in Java 7
Added applicable shortcuts from the list at http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1343 to the OS X keymap
indentation spacing bug fix new option to use always 1 pixel wide stripes
updated java mode properties
preparing release tag 1.2.1
preparing 1.2.1 release tag
updated version plugin-property
updated CandyFolds.props on release tag :-S
Glob_close.bsh: add a pattern example to the dialog  I constantly entered a regular expression instead of the glob pattern. With an example it's clear what is expected.
changed jEdit dependency version
merged rev 22502 to fix bug #3533751 (merge request #3590083)
removed deprecated api use
made compilable using jdk1.6 (instead of only 1.7) and changed version to 1.2.2
created release tag 1.2.2
Tag for release.
Updated for release.
Deleting to replace.
Tag for release.
Update plugin to V0.2.10
HyperlinkSource for ant, maven, tld modes
make hyperlinks work for HTML mode and XML Sidekick  There was an exception when viewing html file with sidekick set to xml.
fixed coding style
patches #3594526 from Marc Hfner for better syntax highlighting of script and style tags.
Fix a parse error when parsing objc code 
0.2.11 fix button problem and cmd line history saving
patches #3595041 from Marc Hfner for better syntax highlighting of urls and functions.
Updated "thanks to".
Re-adding previously deleted file.  
merged into 5.0.x 
0.2.12 replace netrexxscript.nrx with netrexxstartscript.nrx - plugin should load now even if old version has not been deleted.
0.2.13 skip compile for netrexxstartscript, update help for info on extra plugins for added features.
Ignore errors that have an invalid pathname.  
Updated docs. 
changelog. 
Added some TODO comments.  
Removing bad tag. 
Re-tagging 1.0.3 
Remove deprecated warning. use ThreadUtilities in favor of VFSManager. 
Properly cache login info for SshConsole (#3575850)  
Bumping version depend. 
Bumping version depend. 
Tagging 1.0.2 
ThreadUtilities.runInBackground(). 
[ jedit-Plugin Bugs-3596333 ] ErrorList: bad initial contents when creating a new view  
Warn when passing null view to DefaultErrorSource. 
Removing unused DefaultErrorSource. 
Removing unused DefaultErrorSource instance 
Rollback 22571. 
Clear errors only for the current view.  
Changelog. 
Patch#3596592: German Localization. 
Changelog. 

links to anchor in same file now work for XML mode  Also links work when parsing html documents as XML: last commit prevented an exception from happening but links were handled by fallback hyperlink source because XMLHyperlinkSource was expecting xlink or the like.
Fixed Macro Java/Get Class Name not working with empty file (#3596752)
Fixed Run script macro when the file is empty (#3596609)
preparing new release tag
created tag release-1.2.3
Automatically scale image to fit in image viewer if the image is taller than the viewer area. This makes it a lot easier to see larger images without having to zoom out.
deleted unused (and useless) release tags 
Patch #3596602: Console 5.0.1: German Localization 
Docs. 
applied patch #3592365 (update Rhino lib to 1.7R4

Initial lang_de.properties file
Initial lang_de.properties file for SVNPlugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Highlight Plugin
Allowed to escape { char
Initial lang_de.properties file for ActionHooks Plugin
Tagging 2.1 
Fix javadoc warning in MiscUtilities
Updating for rotation actions.
Initial lang_de.properties file for Activator Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for BufferList Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for BufferTabs Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Beauty Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for CharacterMap Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Code2HTML Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for ColumnRuler Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for CommonControls Plugin
patches #3595105 from Marc Hfner for better syntax highlighting of Coffeescript mode.
Clean up of logic for loading plugin.
#3596579: german localization 
Only add null and view errorsources when creating a new ErrorList instance.  this way when you "float" and "dock" you don't lose the contents. 
prepare to release 2.8.5
Create tag release-2.8.5
bumping verison. 
Bumping version, changelog. 
Initial lang_de.properties file for XML Plugin
lang_de.properties file for core - bugfix
Change regex to StringBuilder instead of String
Initial lang_de.properties file for TaskList Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for ImageViewer Plugin
Remade data handling subsystem:     + added three new data handlers:         * SimpleOutputStreamTask  - public basic class class to handle the data from running process         * ParsingOutputStreamTask - descendant of SimpleOutputStreamTask, which outputs using error and ANSI escape parser         * SimpleInputStreamTask      - public basic class to handle the data from user     + modified OutputStreamTask, InputStreamTask, ErrorStreamTask and ConsoleProcessTask with the new data handlers  
Updated plugin build file to include files with extension ".properties" to support localization.
Initial lang_de.properties file for WhiteSpace Plugin
Attempt to fix # 3002100 
s/cash/cache  
made string localizable. 
localized string. 
Applied patch 3598248 for better handling of media and keyframes rules.
Changed IGNORE_CASE to TRUE. oorexx does not consider case for keywords.
Fix bug #3590540 - The patch exchanges short with char type in ScreenLineManager. The new maximum screen lines a physical line can have is now 65535 lines for soft wrap mode
Add color highlight to completion renderer
Fixed negative values used in recent file history count (#3598661)
Added possibility to choose between blocking and nonblocking output's. waiting algorithms.
Fix for tracker #3398605, when checking a box to select a plugin to install, the description was appearing and immediately disappearing. 
Allow errormatcher to work with paths that are URLs and not local files.  
Changelog. 
changelog. 
Parses Vt100 colors (Artem Bryantsev)  
Remove a todo 
Show a useful string representation in the actual task monitor for wrapped runnables. 
Show a status string in the Task Monitor. 
One more runinBackground 
Docs only. 
API docs, props, changelog. Getting ready to release 5.1. 
API Docs. 
Updated the docs w.r.t. tasks and i/o jobs.   
Updated docs. Added mention of the task monitor.  
ConsoleProcessTask waits until output handler will display cached data, regardless of whether the running process is completed the work by itself or user cancels it.
API docs
Added the lang_*.properties to the .jar file during build process.  
small fixes in props. 
Updated description.  
Updated short description.  
Allow multiple-select files in project option pane. #3599024 
Allow multiple selection in classpath plugin options too. 
Bumping version depends. 
s/1.5/1.6 
Formal XSD grammar for users guide. 
Another adjustment for tracker #3398605, when using the keyboard, the selected row in the table was always going to the first row. Now it stays on the current row.
added @Nonnull annotations
Update the System CLASSPATH environment variable as well as the system shell's.
Revert System classpath update and instead update the value directly in the global BeanShell namespace.
Added missing import declaration.
Macros move lines up/down now keep the current selection (feature #3600082)
Fixed macros cut lines and copy lines when the buffer is empty (#3596612)
fixed bug when pressing down if the is no selection (#3599630)
Fixed Insert_Selection macro when the selection is empty (#3596616)
Updated lua mode file (patch #2126692)
0.2.14 update - fixes and performance mods for use with NetRexx 3.01.
Document fixes for #3590540 in CHANGES.TXT
Fix performance revealed in bug #3590540, patch #3595304
Initial lang_de.properties file for EditorScheme Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for FTP Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for FirstMate Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Hyperlinks Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for InfoViewer Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for JCalculator Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for JavaSidekick Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for LogViewewr Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for LookAndFeel Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Lucene Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Navigator Plugin
Updated build file to include de and fr language files.
Initial lang_de.properties file for Sessions Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for ShortcutDisplay Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for SideKick Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for SshConsole Plugin
Small Changes 
Initial lang_de.properties file for Templates Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for TextFilter Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for TextObjects Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for TextTools Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for Classpath Plugin
Update German language file (description)
Initial lang_de.properties file for SmartOpen Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for SynchroScroll Plugin
Update German language file (description)
Initial lang_de.properties file for XInsert Plugin
Initial lang_de.properties file for JakartaCommons Plugin
#3566268 - Console: completion fails after long console output.
Bump depends. 
prevent inclusion of test_data (see plugin bug #3531320) and inclusion of build/extras again  
Reduced memory consumption: removed extra buffer at the stage of data dumping to EDT.
Attempt to fix #2873889 
comments.
Bumping version, changelog. 
Fix #2873889: Stop leaking connections and properly close them. 
SetXForwarding to true. 
Set agent and x11 forwarding to true. 
Changelog. 
Updated to use jsch-0.1.49  
Roll back the update to jsch 1.49. Either I or someone else needs to properly do the update without breaking the saving/restoring of passwords.  
changelog. 
My attempt at updating to jsch 0.1.49 is now in its own branch.  
Creating a branch for console5 compatibility. 
Cleaning up some beanshell issues when the predefined variables aren't defined yet.
Removing vt100 colors from console5 branch.  
Bumping version to 1.0.5 
No need to enable agent and x11 forwarding when using sftp - it is only helpful from a shell.  
Stop animation when connection is closed. 
Merge change from Console5 branch. stop animation after eof. 
Show name of target rather than "target".
Removed reference to jEdit that I added yesterday since it breaks the textArea build.
change to pv root now works with projects that are on the sftp:// vfs.  TODO: Refactor this into Console's API so it can be used elsewhere. 
Added a new API for Console: chDir().  
Use new chDir() api from Console 5.1 
Remove chdir to pv selected action, which is a relic from projectviewer 2.0 
ProjectViewer Integration documentation 
Documented PV integration 
get rid of executeInDir() at SystemShell level - it's the wrong place to put that method.  
Fix some parenting dialog bugs.   
switch to lucene 4.1
switch to lucene 4.1
switch to lucene 4.1
fix rfc search, updated rfc list
optimization of document creation
Fixed regression: damage of the outputting cache in case of blocking read operation.
Small changes.  
switch to datatables for filtering and sorting
Release PV 3.4.5 before releasing Console. 
Fixed shellscript highlight (patch #3602461 fixing bug #3594428)
Better PV documentation. 
Include lang_*.properties in jar file. 
lang_*.properties in build.xml 
changelog, version bump. 
fix broken links in table.html  links to tracker items were not including directory.
Updates to the commando dtd and user's guide.
Tagging 1.0.3 for release. 
Got rid of a warning.  
Allow user to choose shell for executing build/run project commands from Project Option Pane.  
Adjust dependency versions.
Tagging for release.
explicit folds, depend version bump. 
changelog. 
Compatibility with jEdit 5.0.0  
Tagging Console for jEdit 5.0.0 
Compatibility with trunk  
Tagging 1.0.5  
Added an alias for jEdit 5.0 compatibility.  
Rollback previous commit.  
added missing plugins
API docs only.  
Allow "final" in for loop init, as in "for (final myType : myList)".
Handle method parameter annotations, such as  public void myMethod(@MyAnnotation String myParameter)
#3589470: Better regexes for gcc 4.7.2 - enhanced the "generic" error pattern.  
Improved extralines regexp. 
Retagging Console 5.1 
changelog. 
Retagging Console 5.1 
Console does not depend on infoviewer. I wonder how that got there...?   
Don't use gnome-open just because the file exists, since people may not be running gnome. xdg-open is the correct program to use under x11.  
remove infoviewer 
docs 
Patch# 3600327: Mode files: Remove untrue claims from Users Guide and xmode. (Marc Hafner)   
Fix #3597101 - Bad error handling when an invalid path is entered into   the VFS Browser directory input. (Patch# 3602318 Benjamin Gmurczyk)    
Fix #3596215 - NPE from docking layout save/loads when started with   -nosettings. (Alan Ezust) 
Added a separate gcc error pattern. Generic works better for java.  
Changelog.  
changelog. Slight improvements to generic pattern. 
Added testtext to some error patterns. 
Clarified the wording of some tooltips. 
Made view option, "alternate toolbar placement" the default for jEdit.  
Made tooltip more accurately reflect reality.  
Fix #3604790: SshConsole read dead end when restoring files on startup.  
Bumping version.  
svn:keywords 
Date 

Comments. 
Tagging 1.6.2 for release. 
Fixing build.xml to include internationlization properties files.  

svn:keywords. 
Bumping version. Changelog. 
svn:keywords, changelog.  
oops.  
$Date$ 
Fix #3604654: NPE when changing to invalid folder in SshConsole.  
Attempt to fix #3605191  
Bumping version, changelog. 
lang_*.properties. 
Reset dir at appropriate times.  
added some @Nullable annotations to remind that getPluginHome() can return null
changed vfs.browser.copy-path.label label in French
corect buildfile  
Unicode 6.2.0  
buffer-local-property encoding detector in users guide  The user guide is not in sync with services.xml, which calls the buffer local properties detector buffer-local-property. It advertises the name buffer-local-properties, which results in   AutoDetection: getEncodingDetectors(): No EncodingDetector   for the name "buffer-local-properties" error.
Insert_Buffer_Properties.bsh is UTF-8 - bug #3311234  Macros can't be assumed to be all UTF-8. They have always been read using platform's default encoding so it's not changed to not break user's macros.  The only core macro with non ascii is Insert_Buffer_Properties.bsh I add a buffer-local-property encoding=UTF-8 to remove a warning on windows, where it's not UTF-8 by default, but it works only for people having the autodetector active.
changes for Lucene 4.1
fixed highlight overview not always refreshing


FAQ. 
 Fixed bug in ruby multiline comments (Patch#3605738 fixing bug #3605168 Richard The)  
fixed an error which stops compilation  [xslt.doc] /media/truecrypt1/Projects/jEdit/jedit/doc/users-guide/customizing.xml:219:44: Fatal Error! Error reported by XML parser  Cause: org.xml.sax.SAXParseException; systemId: file:/media/truecrypt1/Projects/jEdit/jedit/doc/users-guide/customizing.xml;  lineNumber: 219; columnNumber: 44; The element type "literal" must be terminated by the matching end-tag "</literal>".   
Added a checkbox next to toggle fullscreen mode.  
fix FR #3496032 auto-add release info to users-guide.xsl from properties  - properties from ThePlugin.props are now accessible in the build file - plugin.class and plugin.version are also available 
fix typo in r22816 
#3606329 Environment variable replacement in displayed path 
changelog. 
Removing unused properties.  
feature #2833378 PostgreSQL edit mode
Made "parse" the default for vt100 colors. Small docs changes.  
Don't internationlize some of the properties since they are still hardcoded elsewhere  
Remove automatically generated releaseinfo.  
Adjusted java beautifier to handle <? extends whatever> properly. It was leaving out the spaces, so <?extendswhatever>.
Remade ANSI escape code parser's options: migration from values based on String to ones based on int.
Made translatable options properties with a options. prefix.  
Renamed abbreviate() to abbreviateView(), new API which observes the view option for whether to abbreviate paths in the jEdit View. abbreviate() behavior is restored to how it worked previously so this option does not break plugins such as ProjectViewer and BufferList which also use this API and have a separate option to control whether it is used.  
fix bug #3433777: ignore the dtd specified like before, just adapt the check to the new XML parser in use
Bumping version 
Added description 
Tagging 1.3.1 
faq. 
FR #3580223 Glob on full path instead of just filename  
Removed extra imports. 
Search full path only if there is a file separator character.  This helps avoid the changing how it currently works for simpler globs.  
boolean searchFullPath. 
Updated docs.  
Docs. 
Bug 3607295. Fixed typo.  
Updating plugin-build.xml to work plugin release scripts
Applying patch from ticket #3604532
Adding PARAGRAPH support, puts and print to keywords list, and fixing parse error due to AT_LINE_START being in the BEGIN tag of the SPAN type.
Fixing here doc spans - removing my bad paragraph support.
Fix bug 3596616 - Macro Files/Insert_Selection.bsh
Set edit mode to properties instead of just text.  
Set mode to properties 
Added commons-io-2.4.jar for use by PMD and FileSync, and any other plugin that wants to use it.
Removed commons-io.jar since it is now provided by the Jakarta Commons plugin.
docs. 
1. Revert class -> enum conversion of TaskManager 2. Fix warnings in jEdit class
changelog.  
Better tooltip for elastic tabstops.  
Remove empty root node in OptionGroupPane (#3608324, #3608327: Marco Hunsicker) 
Got rid of regression from previous patch. Cleanup.  
Bug# 3608384 - inaccurate text in the label due to renaming of menu item.  
added a getCmd() method to the ProcessExecutor.  
Add an option to show macros from CtagsInterface because clang do not show macros
Bumped jedit version.
Updated description to include commons-io.
Tagging for release.
updated description 
Put global-options back in the menu. combined-options is still available from the toolbar.  
Update dependency version numbers.
Tag for release.
Applied patch from tracker 3595104, allow syntax highlighting of various scripting languages in html mode.
Removed debug output, fixes tracker 3554002.
Fix for tracker 3476942, do buffer readlock while parsing file.
Tagging console 5.1.1 for release. 
applied patch 3025115: CscopeFinder: Fix escape behavior in pop-up chooser
prepare release 0.6
release 0.6
rollback release 0.6
fixed min version with my current jedit version
release 0.6
rollback release 0.6
fixed -- in xml comment
release 0.6
Added an option to choose round corner or not Fixed highlighter ignoring extra line spacing
Clean up RegisterViewer a bit
nit-pick on wording.  
add basic include completion
More clean ups
update doc 
add support for objcpp
Java is very backward compatible! I better use a real JDK6...
JRE 1.6 compatibility.  
Fix #3604790: Initial connect when opening a project  
Tagging 1.0.6  
Tagging 2.5.1 
Don't show open in desktop unless only 1 item is selected.  
Fixed userdocs target. 
Merge 22892. 
svn:keywords. 
svn:keywords 
making rst2html location configurable
merging release scripts fixes from trunk
fix bugs in include completation

make "insert" browser action only appear when there is only 1 selected file.  Whitespace reformatting.  
Fixed 3440290 - use build-support  + added development documentation
Workaround for 1725711: Accept a completion with the TAB key
Tag for release 1.0.0 
Added jEdit macro "browse buffer directory" action to popup menu. 
checkbox next to toggle docked areas.  
s/structure browser/sidekick tree/ 
Replaced macro with "Close Others" action which is bufferset-aware while this macro is not.   
Refactored to use jEdit macros instead of creating redundant additional actions and properties, etc.   
Reducing the number of places we a default value for the buffertabs location, since the only one that really  matters is the one in the .props file.  
fixing build to not try and generate pre-generated documentation
- compatibility with latest jEdit (combined options) - new method TestUtils.insertInEDT to cleanly insert text in buffer - TestUtils.openFile waits for buffer fully loaded before returning   Can't be done for TestUtils.newFile() because it doesn't always    produces a BUFFER_LOADED message 
remove bufferset scope actions -they're no longer needed now that all editpanes have the same bufferset scope. 
Changelog. 
Tagging 1.2.4 
Patch#3609865, fix#3609830, coffeescript.xml improvements. 
Enable antialiasing for dockable text and menus by default from Windows.  
Enable subpixel antialiasing by default in textarea. 
Fractional font metrics doesn't give better smooth text display in most cases anymore.  
faq updates. 
fix #2940864 - Exception when clicking Find orphan  more robust loading of XML resources for plugin (don't try to read from null InputStream, log a message)
delete some hack code
tests for ant and maven sidekick tree
test sorting by name/type in ant mode
proper sorting by name/type in AntXmlParsedData
fix pb #3530102 - XML plugin deadlock  Introduce InvokeAndWait.withTimeouts to execute code in the EDT, but with a chance to back-out after a timeout in case of a deadlock.
#3610089: Initial view hidden by other windows at startup. 
Changelog. 
When user clicks another error pattern, sometimes the horizontal scrollbar moves to the right to show the right side of the test area, but that causes the error pattern list to be hidden, causing a confusing user experience. This fix will make sure the horizontal scrollbar is 0 after the user selects a different error pattern.   
Made the plugin manager loading much faster  How : checking if the file exist consume time so make this test only if the previous tests failed. Doing that the loading of that dialog is divided by 3 on my machine
Minor optimization: use of a segment instead of a string, the ColorPainter
jEdit 5.1 requires Java 1.7 now.   
use the dot as separator before camelcase
removed unused method
Undoing rev#22887 now that we require java7 
Reverse merge 22931 and 22934. jEdit 5.1 will require java6, jEdit 6.0 (or 5.2 whatever is the next version) will require Java7.  
added @Nullable annotation
added missing @Nullable annotations
use of lucene 4.2.1
use of lucene 4.2.1, applied (with a few updates) the frequency patch #3602213
share indexReader to speedup index creation
Make SearchMatcher interrupttible: 1.) API change: let SearchMatcher.nextMatch() throw InterruptedException 2.) BoyerMooreSearchMatcher: Switch to the new API and react on thread interruption 
HyperSearch: Make search interruptible even when in VFS.listFiles() - API change: Introduce an TaskManager.cancelTasksByClass() method, that will interrupt all currently running Tasks of the given type. 
TaskManager: Refactor IoTask - Make IoTask a subclass of Task and remove the code of the special case. 
TaskManager: Refactor io Task: Add missing IoTask class. 
Fixed build-textArea target. 
Updated feedback section. 
Update doc/CHANGES.txt
Fix bug #3598661 - Don't allow negative values in the general option pane.
Fix mode loading for temporary buffers
Remove deadlock. Not sure what this did in the first place though...  
Set preferred size of testArea 
Remove unused imports.  
Encodings list.  
more info in generated page. 
Added a macro to generate modes for the website.  
Insert plugins list macro. 
Remove generated file. Added API docs to new macros.  
Updated README.SRC.txt to include info about jsr305.jar  
docs. 
Removed 'test' from the dependencies of 'build', since it causes the build to fail on Windows ('test' comes after compilation and fails, before the jar file is created from the class files).  
updated doc
added missing @Override
The FoldHandler must not be null. It happened for temporary buffers since [22949] because setMode() was not called anymore (from setMode(),  propertiesChanged() was not called, setting the fold handler)
Enable JavaDoc creation, depend on jEdit 5
The contextInsensitive flag of the edit mode was not used at the first use   of the edit mode, because the mode is loaded after
Added chinese translation (patch #3611777)
Better information in the plugin manager when loading plugin list
Lua plugin
Lua plugin
first commit of LUA plugin
New Console System option: chdir event: Follow editpane  
Oops.  
catch an NPE in the case we are untitled, closing a view, or something like that.  
s/path/directory 
Also respond to edit pane changed messages.  
Don't make tree selection and follow textarea mutually exclusive.  
updated docs. 
docs/changelog. 
If followTextArea is enabled, then set the initial directory to be the current buffer's dir.  
Don't give special treatment to sshconsole anymore.  
Docs. 
Update German language file
German language update for 1.9.12
removed unused code
fixed usage detection of local function
Fixed where there is no dot in function name.
Explained about new chdir events in console.  
removed some logs
SshConsole always follows textArea. Instead of node selected. 
Documented chdir events. 
Changelog. 
Fixing build.xml to build javadocs during build process, and fixing help doc to reference them.
SystemShell should only respond to local chdir paths.  
Minor fixes
Added @Nullable annotation fix a possible NPE
pasting files will paste a copy when the file already exist in the path
create 5.1.x branch
fix whitespace errors
Tagging 5.1pre1 for release.
Brought back "cd to selected node" action.  
Brought back "changeToPvSelected()" action. 
ibid 
Don't switch to an invalid shell (in the case where the plugin was removed, for example). 
Better logic in commandoptionpane. 
tooltips. 
Going to recrate the tag with fixed build.xml 
Tagging (fixed) release 1.0.0  See http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=3609551&group_id=588&atid=625093 
update to latest version
Update the version number to 5.1pre2
Update the version number to 5.2pre1
jEdit 5.2 depends on Java 1.7. No more Java 1.6 compatibility requirements.  We don't need these version.targets at the moment since we only target to one version so I removed them. We can re-add them if we need to later.  
Removed deprecated overloads (finally).  
Compiler errors fixed so it now builds against latest jedit svn.  
Fixed broken dist-win target. 
debian control  
better description. 
Miscellaneous 1.6/1.7 and 5.1/5.2 replacements.  
Fix #3613991: Merge Stdout + Stderr on Windows duplicates output
docbook-based users guide.  
Got rid of old html version. 
Bumping version to 1.06a 
Tagging 1.0.6a 
prepare for tagging.  
Tagging 5.1.2  
What's new in 5.2. 
JavaDoc stylesheet customized so it is readable in helpviewer (#3614229 - Alan Ezust)  
faq. 
a few coding style changes
added bz2 to excluded glob
Fix for menu bar handling.
Updated to Substance 7.3, added menu search feature as an option.
Increased the scrolling speed in option pane
Moved slackware crap out of build.xml clarified where the wrap long lines action is in the shortcut option pane.  
Removed the menu search widget, performance was horrible.
Updated docs, added some screenshots.
Fix for tracker 3613877, properly restore split window configuration for auto-resize.
added missing @Override and when the delegate table model is changed the structure is changed
Added a new column "ActionSet" in Shortcuts option pane to know to which actionSet an action belong (feature #3614386)
The column title are missing in shortcuts option pane (#3614404)
correct encoding for mathml_example.xml
fix pb #3614106 Missing Hyperlinks to xref linkend= elements  Element declaration of elements in the root document of a compound document were not handled correctly during parsing.  The stack of element declarations was no more in sync and attributes with type ID in the root document were not recognised as such. They were recognised only for xml:id or if there was a DTD.  Now the stack is correcly managed and "id" attributes are thus recognised as such based on the XSD.
revbump XML 2.8.6 + update changelog
docs only. 
Docs again. 
Welcome to 5.2 
Fixed an old bug that prevented console from unloading properly.  
Fixed memory leak at plugin unload time. 
changelog. 
changelog. 
Protect against plugins adding items to the main menu bar that are not JMenu items.
Tracker 3614456, remove optionally dependent plugins when a plugin is unloaded.
reset the search field after selecting the item
Ability to give line number and offset in search : "somefile:line,column" The column is optional
updated readme. 
Typo. 
Tracker 3614456 and 3614465, reloading of optional dependencies when a plugin is loaded or unloaded, plugin dependencies are shown in the plugin manager on all three tabs.
A fairly significant update to this plugin. Fixes tracker 3614471, handles loading and reloading of optionally dependent plugins better, and reactivates plugins on reloads. This plugin now requires at least jEdit 5.2 since these changes take advantage of updates to jEdit's Plugin Manager code.
Patch to toggle word completion of words with digits.     (#3614607, Patrick Eibl)
Adjustments for annotations.
Upgrade to svnkit 1.7.9, fixes some issues with added files and directories not showing in status, among other things.
Remove old svnkit jars.
Rearranged order of nodes in status tree so unversioned files are at the bottom. This way they don't obscure deleted files.
A lot of the version control state caching has been moved into ProjectViewer, so this class is now greatly simplified.
Milkdrop files are the same file format as .ini files.  
Saxon HE 9.5.1.1
add Saxon HE 9.5.1.1 library
Create tag SaxonPlugin-9-5-1-1
Added section on jvm arguments.  

don't invokeLater from the EDT
custom test runner to start jEdit before each tested class, close windows and buffers between tests 
compatible with Saxon 9.5, async transform  async compile stylesheets and running transform use new test runner api
remove minor debug output
Create tag xslt_0_8_0
moved anonymous class to be inner static
Made thick caret thicker. 
Thick caret when in overwrite mode too. 
added bugid to changes.txt 
Merge request# 3614405 Missing titles in ShortcutOptionPane 
Updated docs.  
native2ascii mentioned in news.xml  
Merge req# 3614403 - ShortcutsOptionPane: give more info to user  
updated changelog. 
Merge req# 3614811 - Made TextArea thick caret thicker, and also thick when in overwrite mode.  (#3614784)  
changelog.  
Changelog. 
changelog.  
changelog. 
fix whitespaces
Update the version number to 5.1.0
Tagging 5.1.0 for release.
Show dependencies in a flowlayout with comma separator, instead of a column 
got rid of unnecessary line breaks between dependencies.  
Update the version number to 5.1.1
correct releasing-jedit.txt regarding trunk CHANGES.txt cleanup
correct releasing-jedit.txt regarding trunk CHANGES.txt cleanup
Update the base version of CHANGES.txt to 5.1.0
Docs only.  
Docs again.  
update to latest version
docs. 
docs.  
depends on ErrorList 2.1 not 2.1.1
Merge r23103 errorlist dependency
Every letter in the word "find" is already used as a mnemonic!!  Also, this is the default button so we don't need a mnemonic. */ Fix bug#  3614883  
Rewrote Emacs_Kill_Line (and all of EmacsUtil) in java so I can debug it.  
Fixed the tooltip to reflect reality.  
Fix the integration with Unity and other Linux Desktop Environments, broken by Patch #3582760
New option to highlight entire word for selection highlight
Patch# 3614563 
Patch#3614564 
Removed unnecessary localization property. 
changelog. 
Add a test to check that the EDT access rules are not violated on startup  Once this passes on jEdit core it can be applied to plugin tests as well 
switch to java 7, reuse of fields
Minor optimization on updating the widget (in certain conditions it can take up to 10% of the CPU time, now it's 2x faster)
updating docs
stuck in svn hell, committing before losing work and reverting to previous version of svn
moved blame component from svn plugin to common controls
moved blame components to common controls
support for extension filter
fixed moving caret after buffer loading
some fixes and ability to reset frequency
unused imports. 
Changelog, updated depends.  
1.3 changelog entry. 
Got rid of extraneous editPane.setBuffer().  
Added tooltips capability to the model and blame pane.
build.xml cleanup and fixes
revert erroneous commit
build.xml cleanup and fixes
Internationalized string for git blame pane.  
Removed redundant cast, enhanced initial map size
added tooltip in ShortcutsOptionPane
Use of java 7 generics, small cleanup
use of JPanel instead of a Box
Fixed toolbar
api docs.  
s/1.5/1.6 
Added download links in the build.properties.sample. 
Use heuristics to guess edit mode of commands that are run to a new untitled buffer.  In this case, it only knows about patch files. Let me know if you have other suggestions.  
Pass a valid error stream for bufferoutput, so we don't see the "process exited" message in the actual buffer.  
Override stderr only for bufferoutput.  
Bump version. Docs. 
API docs.  
Added Solarized-light color scheme from Bernat.
tag for release
Added monokai scheme
updated version
put tombstone in place, official repository for jEdit core is now in Git
remove SVN branches as official repository for jEdit core is now in Git
remove SVN tags as official repository for jEdit core is now in Git
added colors for folding
Fixed calculation of width of blame pane, added 'install' method to make the blame pane easier to use.
Bumped the version to 1.7.1.
Updated to use changes to BlamePane from CommonControls.
Bumped version number and updated docs in prep for release.
tag for release
no comment
Changed BlamePane to use default font.
Added anti-aliasing to BlamePane font, turns on anti-aliasing if the View has anti-aliasing turned on.
reinstantiate trunk and branches
Fix an npe in emacs kill line. I hope I am not hiding another bug that is more serious... But anyway, you see this bug if you try to invoke emacs kill line on the  last line of the buffer, and your caret appears before 1 or more whitespace.   
Restore the slackware and mac properties that i removed related to java.version. Also, call the native2ascii test *after* the build task, rather than as a  dependency. Which will make it possible to run ant inside the console and  from a headless system again (workaround for #3614962). 
Clarified emacs keymap instructions.  
make userguide links from FAQ relative so they work outside the jedit help browser.  

Fixed jedit at nabble.com link 
fix binary breakage and ensure it builds against all 5.x versions of jEdit.  
Tagging 1.10.1  
Stupid version numbers. after 1.9 comes 2.0. This does in fact, require jEdit 5.1.x for different reasons.  
bad tag. 
Tagging 2.0 
Make close-all buffer-set aware.  
- EnhancedDialog instances (Search/Replace, Options,Open) now can be closed   consistently with the current close-buffer.shortcut key combination.    (#3613007, 3588892 - Lszl Schmidt, Zsombor Franczia, Bence Pintr)  
Thanks to... 
Added new status "REMOVED" to PluginUpdate message, Roster sends this message when a plugin is deleted from disk.
Tracker 3614984, handle removed plugins.
Handle word wrap.
updates for JDK 1.7 
Sensible defaults department. 
Got rid of alternative dispatcher garbage from startup.bsh.  
Fixing a small regression I introduced. 
Get rid of alternative key dispatcher references from macosx plugin. 
Get rid of old JDK5 keyboard workaround code.  
added a build hint. 
changelog. 
New option to swap ctrl and alt keys. 
It probably still works with jEdit 5.1 and java 1.6, so bring down the  deps.  
Updated docs and props.  
 Date attrs 
keywords. 
Extra parans 
Only set modifiers to macos default if they were previously swapped. Only swap if property is set.  never println to stderr, properly log errors and exceptions.  
Docs. 
Use combined options instead of global options.  
remove warnings
Handle word wrap, should be done.
Tagging 1.3 for release. 
#3601720: Updated to use jsch 0.1.50  
#3615037: Log errors, don't pop up dialogs. 
Tag 1.0.4 for release. 
Don't store passwords insecurely.  
Removed some old MacOSX workaround code (#3615043 Makarius)
#3615044 removal of noquartz stuff which is irrelevant now that we require java 1.7  
- GUIUtilities.getShortcutLabel() has a second boolean argument to specify   whether platform modifier symbols are desired or not. (#3615046 Makarius)   
Bug#3615047: Conflict with C+comma and preferences of MacOS. Resolution. Use C+BACK_SLASH (like emacs).   
Remove useQuartz option since it is always on in java7
reverting previous conflict 
Make x11 forwarding an option. 
Fix #3615050 SmartOpen only lets me type one letter on MacOS L&F. 
Permit  symbols in plugin code.  
Bring back the  symbols in comments now that I can compile them :-) 
Applied patch #3615045 (Makarius), plus some additional cleanup of setting the look and feel
Removed the noquartz code again (see rev 23205).
Fixed off by one error in component display.
If you disable the abbreviate feature and then save the favorites, we don't want abbreviated labels to be saved.  
Get rid of a false check that the buffer is editable before turning on elastic tabstops. This check existed in the initial implementation of the elastic tabstops, when the feature actually modified the buffer, but it no longer does that.
Added corrections of tiny issues reported by IntelliJIDEA's code inspection tool.
Some more tiny fixes suggested by IntelliJIDEA's code inspection tool.
Replaced many "for" loops with "for each" with IntelliJIDEA's code inspection tool. Kept some where the index may be useful for debugging (and also some others where it doesn't, because the list is too long...).
Some more enhancements suggested by IntelliJIDEA.
fix for off-by-one error
Some more suggestions from IntelliJ...
Autoremove some warnings thanks to Eclipse.  
Bumping verison depend.  
Tagging 1.7.1 for release. 
Docs. 
Revert 23225 so it still works with java 1.6. 
Bug#3615019 - MacOSX java 1.6 missing max heap size. I'm setting it to 512m 
Merge req# 3614892 Fix bug introduced by patch #3582760 
3614923 build.xml cleanup and fixes.  
Fix erroneous check in elastic tabstops Merge req# 3615059 

arrow key translations for cross-platform usability.  
Uncommenting the key translations, so that the default behavior is cross-platform.  
modifiers too. 
Tagging 5.1.3 for release 
MiscUtilities.expandVariables() converts from Windows to Linux-style paths when necessary  
Applied patch from Thomas Meyer for bug# 3615076.  
Tagging 1.9 
fixed brace placement
Fixed the systray not added on EDT thread
added getField & getLabel apis

use of new api of commoncontrols 1.7.2

inverted test for better performances
added @Nullable annotations
Whitespace, api docs, and bracket formatting only.  
Reverse-merge r23225. We don't want commoncontrols to depend on 1.7 just yet.  
Reverse merging r23225 so it works with java 1.6 again. 
#2211433: Using AES256 to encrypt saved passwords to a master password.  
Added jce.jar to classpath so it builds. Not sure if it needs to be deployed with FTP yet though.. 
Reverted an earlier change to forgetPasswords(). 
Cleanup. 
And passphrases too.  
changelog. 
updated docs. 
changelog. 
Docs. 
Updated ivy.xml 
bump version depend 
setToolTipText() 
forget master password if we fail to load the password files. 
Better handling for when invalid master passwords are entered. 
now depends on 4.5.  
Clear out key file if it is a bad passphrase.  
Hide exceptions when selection is not a valid regexp pattern
Enable compression over sftp. 
new plugin option to enable compression 
don't prompt for master pw if there is no saving of passwords. 
statusbar message when loading saved passwords fails. 
Keep asking for master password until passwords can be restored.  
removing bad tag. 
obsolete branch 
Tagging 1.0.5 for release. 
Getting ready to tag... 
Handle the exception where strong keys are missing.  
Better docs.  
When prompting for master password, give user more info. 
Update for 1.0.5, first release (have to get some answers from Alan...)
Added strings that have to be trnaslated for 1.0.5 version ;)
Changed ... into  and added omitted space. Should be good to be released ;)
bugfixes 
Whitespace. 
Fix #3378762 SFTP VFS does not provide lastmodified dates  
Tagging 1.0.6 
In the VFSBrowser, move status and type to the right, with size and date closer to the left.  
move EA_TYPE to the right. 
XPathTool improvements, revbump 0.8.1  Ctrl+Enter in XPath expression triggers evaluation  Grab namespaces grabs also the default namespace (gives it the "def" prefix).  XPathTool's DocumentCache is redundant with XML's cache, but current XML's implementation can't be swapped in right now (no requesting buffer in DocumentCache, not monitoring last time changed in Cache).
s/translateKey/addTranslation/g  
small changes. 
Make date strings sortable.  
setEnabled() for the FileTextField 
Small changes. 
Support for shortcuts to "copy" the error in Error widget 
How to toggle auto-indent FAQ. 
enable/disable fixingup. 
disable password storing if strong keys are missing.  
Patch#3615165: Fix accidental SSH account lockout on bad passwd 
If the user tries to "cancel" when entering a master password, now it disables password saving.   
!@#$!@$~~!! 
Better error message when user cancels the entering of a master password.  
Changelog 
Fix #3615141: InvalidKeyException Saving Passwords  (AES256 not available) 
Added a "reset FTP plugin" action.  
Tagging 1.0.7 
Rollback accidental binary breakage. 
Fixed a regression from an earlier change that meant reused connections were never locked. 
Merge changes from 23310 
reset-plugin was broken. Fixed.  
Fixed reset ftp plugin action. 
Adding README with some notes about setting up the CI environment in jenkins.
Add missing try/catch 
Clicking node-set result shows element in editor  - Saxon only! - this is done by letting saxon parse from SAX by itself,   so the XPathAdapter interface is extended to let the   adapter load the document. - data type displayed is more concise now (returns element(), not   the actual qname of the element). - data model of the Node-set summary uses the results directly
have tests compile  testNS and testDocumentCache still fail. I think it's a timing issue.
ignore test classes
fix bug in DOMXPathAdapter not grabbing any namespace
added @Nullable annotation on getPluginJAR() function and a little doc
Fixed handlePluginUpdate that do not support when the PluginUpdate do not have a pluginJAR
The TextArea will not scroll anymore when dragging files on jEdit
Added "loading" icon for task status bar widget (request #3615068)
fix bug #3614985 - pluginmanager: transitive deps not installed when filtering  This is patch #3614987.  Also dependencies are unchecked when unchecking all their dependents. This may be a drawback for people checking a plugin only to deselect it but get the dependencies installed but I find it rather corner case.
remove early attempt resulting in NPE
modify the UI from EDT, remember the source document for GotoDelayed
update tests
fix bug in XSLT processor: encoding set in <xsl:output> was not applied  This was because the result was written to a writer (with platform's default encoding), instead of letting the processor write to the file by himself.
Create tag xslt_0_8_1
don't repeat authors 
The bufferSwitcher now supports Drag&Drop (patch #3615177)
Fixed Whole word search (#3614975, patch #3615185)
Docs. 
fixing up some buffer-local properties.  
More buffer-local props. 
New method: VFSFile.getModified() which allows sorting by date in the FSB for other VFSs (Patch #3615214 Yihua Zhang)  
Fix #3615207 SFTP Can't sort by date (Patch# 3615214, by Yihua Zhang)  
Update to handle initPlaf screwing around with the look and feel. InitPlaf gets called on EVERY SINGLE property change in jEdit.
German language update
German language update
German language update
German language update
German language update
German language update
German language update (new macro's name)
German language bugfix
Some minor updates.
Branch to work on editing features
Committed patch #3607873 by Marc Hfner. Thanks Marc! This patch fixes cursor misplacement with auto-indent. 
Document the view option: abbreviate paths with environment variables.  
Document some of the newer options.  
docs. 
Adding a test skip property so the daily can build when there are failed tests
Bug # 1542027 
Version bump. 
Do multiline regex matches. Added a pattern for begin{slide}  
Changelog. 
Tagging LaTeXTools 0.6.0 
More permissive pattern for slide. 
merged 23359 
Fix bug #1992377: Asset sizes 
Merge 23361. 
Documented user navigation files.  
Added a latexsidekick action.  
fixed coding style
More improvements to the regexes.  
Added a tooltip for "set main file"  
changelog, version bump.  
Tagging 1.5 for release. 
Get rid of actions "clear directory cache" and "close unused connections" since they are now merged into the "reset FTP plugin" action which does it all. 
Adding a .gitaccess file of current committers.  
forgot 2 names.. 
Make sidekick menu action also activate the PHPParser.  
Initial lang_de.properties file for MarkDown Plugin
New Project option: run commands from different directroy (shadow build/run).  
Small label change. 
Improvements on the latex commando. 
use of Objects.equals()
use of Objects.equals()
now depends on java 7
use of Objects.equals()
documented system and user keymaps folders.  
Added some more plugin tips.  
Tagging 2.0.2 for release  
changelog.  
oops. wrong changelog.  
bumped version number
refactoring
fix bug #3837 Installing from jedit5.1.0install.jar failure 
apply patch #507 - set xslt processor in build.xml 
Fix for #3843: Russian localization breaks Search dialog  
changelog. 
fix pb #1763 XML Plugin unexpected asset type
version bump, changelog.  
added @since 
Rolled back a regression introduced where I was wiping out key property info  under circumstances I was not supposed.   
jzlib updated to version 1.1.2 and separated into jzlib.jar.  
removed unused import, added missing @Override annotations
Tagging 1.7.3 for release. 
Tagging 1.0.8 for release. 
Update documentation.  
Made MaxAuthTries (patch #3615165 revisited) 2 instead of 1, and also overridable via properties.  
Merged changes from trunk...  
Made MaxAuthTries a plugin option.  
Updated documentation. 
doc changes merged from trunk 
bring back clear directory cache action.  
Merging changes from trunk again. 
Docs. 
API docs. 
Got rid of another extra toc by changing it from book to article.  
View.getBuffers() is now sorted according to View options.  
clear out ftp.keys.* properties when the user forgets remote passwords or "Reset FTP plugin" 
maxauthtries default=1 
Merging changes from trunk again.  
document that we reuse jzlib also.  
merged trunk 
Several fixes for html mode: (Dale Anson/Marc Hfner)   #504 HTML mode: Fix mode properties in <script> blocks.   #3850 Html edit mode    #3842 HTML syntax highlighting error: & in href    #3839 Syntax highlight is wrong for some HTML file 
changelog. 
minor tweak of css
update to Allura json exports
master script for export
SmartOpen was not working when the file was already opened (#3615259)
In fact it's ticket #1756 with new numbers

Speedup of LogViewer:  if there is no filter, do not lowercase the log text Keep logs color and refresh them only on properties change
Credit to Chris Cheetam for FtpClient in user guide.  
Hide exceptions when a file that do not exist is added to the index.
fix pb #1775 XML javacc parser prints out lots of crap to stdout
[plugin-bugs:#1776] FTP 1.0.8 multiple master password dialog  
Moved synchronized to better functions, to avoid exceptions at startup.  
We don't need that extra synchronized here.  
Fixed typo.  
Documentation. 
pb #1775 - get rid of last error message.
fix unused imports and missing serialVersionUID
revbump 2.8.7
tagging XMLPlugin 2.8.7
https://sourceforge.net/p/jedit/feature-requests/41/  
A few fixes -- choose the right project on start up, changed to swingworker for the actual search so the search results show.
Update docs to version 1.0.0 for release to Plugin Central
Documented some hidden features of hypersearch. 
Update Android IDE doc for 1.0.0 release.
update build.xml to remove some warnings.
update build.xml to track jar copy.
Add guisample program, update readme
Tagging 1.0.7 
Remove project stuff from options, update netrexxc search for appdata, docs
apply patch #519 - Allow splash screen that is not always on top  Use a native splash screen when available, which doesn't stay on top in my tests.
Initial Plugin Central release.
Applied patch #518, improved layout manager for text area.
Adjusted layout to account for new text area layout manager changes in jEdit 5.2.
Update NetRexx translator to 3.03 dev build for Java 8 support.
Update NetRexx translator to 3.03 dev build for Java 8 support. Compiled with Java 6.
no comment
Documented how an edit mode is choosen by jEdit.  
Making sure I have backups of the clean javacc files, especially since the java 1.8 file is a work in progress.
Fix imports.
Updating years and version#s. 
Fix for the scroll click suppression [patches:#505] (EdorFaus)  
Focus the text area when scroll bar is clicked (patch #521 - Jordan Miner) Selecting line from gutter should move caret (patch #520 - Jordan Miner)  
Insert a default feedback appendix in plugin user guides  It is inserted if there is no chapter or appendix with id='feedback' 
HelpViewer: copy link menu and home/end keys support
New tracker id#s. 
whatsnew. 
Some minor updates to let JavaSideKick better calculate asset ranges.
Added java fold handler so imports are handled correctly.
Updated to jsch-0.1.51.jar  
Tagging FTP 1.1 
changelog. 
Documentation changes.  
Small doc improvements. 
Preparing to re-tag 
Retagging. 
Renaming SVN directory so it is consistent with jar name. 
Prep for release.
Tag for release.
Prep for release.
Tag for release.
Prep for release.
Tag for release.
Fix for tracker 1761, blame handles modified lines correctly now.
German language update
German language update
German language update
Updated description.  
Minor adjustments. Need to fix ExpressionName.
Fixes for parsing of "this" and "super".
Adjustments for TypeParameters.
Adjustments for reference types.
Made input a level1 asset in sidekick.  
set svn keywords on html files.  
Tagging 0.6.1 
adding test files and build file
allow one to run transform.sh from other dir
fix a bug resulting in only 1 tracker in table.html
more adjustments, still an issue with parenthesized statements. 
Fixed issue with detection of assignment operators.
Adjusted detection of 'if' statements. All tests pass at the moment.
Added tests for conversions. All tests pass.
Removing class files. 
Code clean up, Identifier() to <INDENTIFIER>
Remove unused import. 
Some cleanup.
Fixing usage of FileOpenerService 
Docs, bump 
tagging 2.2 
Get rid of old code. 
Merge 23508 
Removing 2.2 tag. ErrorList is not quite ready yet... 
refactored _openFile 
Enable javadoc build and fix javadoc error.
Getting ready to tag again... 
tagging 2.2 
Docs. 
OptionsDialog now remembers and restores the last selected pane   under more circumstances (See Project Option pane for example) (Alan Ezust)    
Got rid of old 'future plans' since we really want to focus on completion plugin for enhancemnet rather than duplicate effort  in sidekick's completion API.  See https://sourceforge.net/p/jedit/plugin-feature-requests/240/ and https://sourceforge.net/p/jedit/plugin-feature-requests/335/ 
Do not show toolbar on plain views

New PowerCenter Parameter File format (Patch # 524, Thiemo Kellner) 
Fixed Latex tools overrides error option under linux (based on plugin-patch # 81). 
Merge 23521 
Make sure the initialization of the default value happens only once. 
Merged 23523 
Deprecate the thread pool implementation.  Also, change its implementation to use java.util.concurrent instead of the custom code, which would could cause applications to deadlock if they weren't careful.  ProcessExecutor was modified to not use the plugin's thread pool interface anymore, giving preference to the JRE API instead.
revbump 2.8.8 before new development iteration
plugin patch #147 - XML: recognize ascii entities in Entities to Characters  entities-to-char -> chars-to-entities fails the round trip test. This is not new because chars-to-entities won't touch characters outside <>&"\
Updates for @media queries.
add test for plugin patch #147
Fix for bug #1784, css code completion is too slow.
Replaced string literals with tokens.
test files
Handling generics and array syntax.
Log exceptions, don't re-throw a packaged version of it.  This way we can see better what is happening with "auth cancel" in java 1.8.  
Fix typo. 
#526 Patch for Feature Request 286 Goto Relative offsets  
changelog.  
Docs. 
changelog 
cleanup
utf-8 
merge 23541 
$Date$ 
merge 23543. 
creating tags folder. 
Tagging 5.2pre1 
Branching 5.2.x 
Bumping version to 5.3pre1 
Rollback accidental change that got into the previous commit. 
Attempt to remove left recursion from MethodInvocation.
add instructions for getting jEdit to run on Mac OS 10.8 and newer
delete wrong tag
some cleanup and fixes in build.xml and package-files
Xerces 2.11.0 
Tagging 2.11.0 
JARBundler task cleanup  - use attributes instead of javaproperties direclty where available - throw out old services tags, their implementation was present in the MacOS plugin, but is no longer in the MacOSX plugin, so the entries are useless - specify development region explicitly
Request #336 FTP plugin: configure connection timeout option 
Docs.  
update JARBundler to the latest version, and add copyright tag and UTI for document type
add missing DOCTYPE to generated Info.plist file
added tags folder
added tag for release
update bundled MacOSX plugin to version 1.3
make the JAR Bundler Ant task compatible with Oracle Java
add missing osx package files to dist-mac-finish archive
customize the look of the DMG root folder to provide a simple yet convenient installation GUI for OS X users and to tell them how to work-around Gatekeeper blocking jEdit
fix whitespaces and attributes
merge some OS X specific improvements and fixes from trunk
exchange SVN root URL in releasing-jedit.txt
exchange SVN root URL in releasing-jedit.txt
Tagging 5.2pre1 for release.
update to latest version
Update the version number to 5.2pre2
Update the version number to 5.2pre2
Update the base version of CHANGES.txt to 5.2pre1
Prep for release to coincide with jEdit 5.2pre1 release.
Prep for release to coincide with jEdit 5.2pre1 release.
Bumped version number.
Tag for release.
Tag for release.
Prep for release, adding descriptions required by release announcement macro.
Removing to replace.
Updated build file so docs build correctly.
Tag for release.
Deleting unused file, functionality is now in PV.
Branch to test svnkit 1.8.5
docs 