1.3.5 final
update exclude file
Now version 1.3.6
Treat Foo.class.isInstance(x) the same as x instanceof Foo in type analysis
turn off assertion
more checks
Treat Class.cast(...) as a no-op for value number and type analysis
more test cases
Fix handling of Class.cast
auxclass jar files can be upto 30,000 files Use @WillClose annotations
allow priority adjustment for individual bug patterns
add support for local first pass detectors
add support for local first pass detectors
report equals methods used for checking equality
Add check for equals methods that compare there argument to something that isn't a subtype or supertype of the this argument
Adjust priorities if weird equals methods are involved
redisable TestingGround Correct list of bug patterns reported for EQ_CHECK_FOR_OPERAND_NOT_COMPATIBLE_WITH_THIS
More bugs
Avoid empty signatures
make .givenClass and .excludingPackage work for TypeAnnotations
better error reporting
add rough code to look for botched attempt to convert long to unsigned int
Don't warn about non-existent plugin directory
Example of chained method invocation and null pointer dereference
Only add equals method if useful
mark these as nonreporting detectors
fix NPE found by FindBugs
Fix Javadoc
Fix bug in method resolution for INVOKESPECIAL
Add some incomplete bug detectors, see if they find anything
add puzzler test cases
get ride of false positives for BX_UNBOXED_AND_COERCED_FOR_TERNARY_OPERATOR
containers use equals method of key

add special method to add parameter annotation to a bug
add new bug pattern misusing ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor
add test cases for equals that using class constant and getClass()
don't keep on escaping string annotations each time they are read and written to XML
don't add String annotation to EQ_GETCLASS_AND_CLASS_CONSTANT Look to see if subclasses override equals
add -dontUpdateStats option (can be combined with -withSource)
give more information about equals method used
don't use string annotations for messages in mature detectors
add test case
shorten message when we use a field annotation for toStringOnAnArray
correct duplicated class name when writing a field annotation using .givenClass
Provide field or method annotation if we can't find a local variable annoation for a toStringOnArray error
don't report java.lang.Synthetic as a missing class
List upper bound first in set of possible targets
documentation spelling correction 
when creating class descriptors from Signa
try harder to add useful information about equals method used for generic types warnings
One of the specialKinds is state dependent; have to do more to handle that correctly
improve analysis for funky equals methods
correctly report impossible instanceof's as impossible instanceof's, not impossible casts
suppress false UMAC warnings in methods with funky names (e.g., names that contain a $)
add a character as a string annotation
add checks for illegal format string conversion

Add examples
updates; some big fixes
get findbugs.xml and messages*.xml from findbugs.home if needed
increase memory sizes
add test cases that are false positives
 * fixed a bug in the .classpath file  * Breaks out a separate category for Format string issues (rather them lumping them in with varargs problems)  * Annotations regular expression warnings with some additional information  * updates some preference files  
javadoc typo
understand that remove works for all collections, not just Map
javadoc fixes
apply patch [ 2119482 ] CheckBcel checks for nonexistent classes
Give more detailed explaination.
remove accidental commit
fix format string
allow package stats to be omitted
don't complain about calls to unsupported methods that have UnsupportedMethodException in their return type
fix logic error so that we give the correct bug pattern for format string problems
clean up some shadowed fields
provide BugInstance.addValueSource(OpcodeStack.Item item)
javadoc fixes
javadoc typo
update library
another library update
Have to check for remove in both Collection and Map
Handle more cases of password masking
Better descriptions of results
Update library
update
more details msgs for format string problems
lower priority of references to static calendars in main methods
lower priority of references to static calendars in main methods don't report calls to run a thread subclass if it is the last thing done in a main method
another update
reorder some format string messages
various cleanup operations
if a class isn't interesting for obligation analysis, don't do obligation analysis
add test case
fix typo
store database as creation time
Send output to System.err
Oops. fix typo
More consistent escaping in XML StringAnnotation values are escaped only in XML
More consistent escaping in XML StringAnnotation values are escaped only in XML
priority elevantation for self removals
msg cleanup
use more memory
describe field annotation
add test cases
raise priority of VA_FORMAT_STRING_EXTRA_ARGUMENTS if they seem to be using MessageFormat style formatting
If there is a bogus constructor, but the class doesn't have instance members, lower priority.
update field annotation descriptions
Raise priority of calling toString on an array if it isn't apprently just a debugging/logging issue.
correct signatures for System.out and System.err ALso look for arrays being printed with println or print
enlarge scope for checking for catch block size
record java.vm.version in FindBugsSummary
use if (false) rather than commenting out code
more test cases are good
add check for BIT_AND_OF_SIGNED_BYTE
lower priority if they previously checked for an nonnegative signed byte
make priority of botched call in test method only medium, not low
define experimental category reclassify OBL_UNSATISFIED_OBLIGATION as experimental
test case for and potential fix for  [ 2120789 ] EI_EXPOSE_REP2 confused by reassignment  https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=2120789&group_id=96405&atid=614693
fix generic type
add jFormatString.jar to libraries
add jFormatString.jar to libraries
fix [ 2115406 ] Constructor annotations are incorrectly inherited  Do not inherit annotations on private methods or constructors  https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=2115406&group_id=96405&atid=614693
more test cases
add commons-lang-2.4.jar
various performance enhancements to obligation analysis If an obligation is passed to a constructor, stop tracking it.
If uncallable method annotated with injection annotation, ignore it
allow command line adjustments to suppress warnings
check for comparisons to Integer.MIN_VALUE of hashCode and random values
in bugs where we refer to a field and might have intended to refer to a local variable, check for unused parameters with matching signatures.
add more panic method names
reclassification of some correctness issues as bad practice
more bug ideas
Add jFormatString license
1.3.6-rc1
start change log for 1.3.6
fix [ 2136033 ] False positive for OBL https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=2136033&group_id=96405&atid=614693
Hack to patch [ 2118636 ] Poor performance when analyzing massive class files https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=2118636&group_id=96405&atid=614693
performance tweaks
performance improvements
update change list
doc fixes
more test cases
fix doc typo
can't resist improving the unrelated types in generic containers detector
add more test cases
fixes to handling of containsAll and removeAll
more fixes for containsAll and removeAll
more test cases
add pass constraints
Equality is allowed for any two List implementations. Similarly for any two Map or Set implementations
avoid instance hash changes; don't include type parameters in computing type annotation contribution to instance hash
make use of bug accumulator
reduce warnings on synthetic fields/methods; particularly helpful for scala code
get rid of dead local store
added check for s.contains(s), and related bugs
more test cases
be consistent in where errors get printed

add test case 
better messages for self computations on collections

Make naming order consistent
1.3.6-rc2
add additional method to check
Memory footprint optimizations 
container -> collection; container has a j2EE meaning
more precise type information and annotations
correct problem with item summary
fix handling of unresolved fields
don't double escape xml
more footprint optimizations
added new bug pattern: DMI_INVOKING_HASHCODE_ON_ARRAY
apply [ 2195760 ] A new ant task for UnionResults
fine tuning for reported markers: add only one marker for fields, add marker on right position
small optimization for equals
make canonicalizeString a no-op; for reason's I don't understand, doing so hurts performance.
CLASS_SUBTYPE -> CLASS_SUBCLASS
rollback of whitespace changes; just commit optimization of equals
load databases earlier
Updated keystore
Fixed CNF exception if loading the backup solution for broken browser widget. Added "Copy to clipboard" menu/functionality to the details list widget.
Fixed FB warning
moved common functionality to Util
Fixed FB warnings
- feature: link bugs selected in bug explorer view to the opened editor and vice versa - feature: select bugs selected in editor ruler in the opened bug explorer view - feature: consistent abbreviations used in both bug explorer and bug details view - feature: added "Expand All" button to the bug explorer view
more optimization
feature: added "Go Into/Go Up" buttons to the bug explorer view
provide more descriptive bug annotation roles
provide analysis feature as to whether bugs are accumulated
tell findbugs not to merge similar warnings when invoked from Eclipse
fix bug that would have been found by findbugs
clean up findbugs warnings
ranges for local variables are weird If we find only a single variable at a porticular index, we'll just it even if the range isn't correct
Accumulate bugs
1.3.6-rc3
Fix annotations localization strings
Only log weird generic parameter msgs if assertions enabled
additional error checking
details about how to perform a release
Fixed NPE if file is not found on the build path
fix NPE
add test case
bug fixes
Bug fixes
Fix signature problems
fix aaload in opcode stack
Added README
more test case goodness
Apply [ 2149540 ] Patch to fix some localization issue
deprecate method that doesn't do the right thing
OK to compare an array with Serializable or Cloneable
more test cases
Enough changes to warrent rc4
add all target
Update change list
fix typo
add test case
Rename method -> false positive
tweak
Close [ 2228938 ] ICAST produces randomly masses of false positives
fix [ 2270788 ] StringIndexOutOfBoundsException during analysis
add test case for [ 2263239 ] volatile fields reporting extra nullchecks
add sanity checking
fix [ 2263239 ] volatile fields reporting extra nullchecks
improve documentation to address [ 2263188 ] "instanceof always true" false positive
update readme
forgetten commit
Ready for release?
Update changeList
add more methods where it is OK to ignore the return value
Now working on 1.3.7
handle return type for entryset
add method to construct generic type
Formatting fix
forward to standard type analysis framework for method calls
METHOD_CALLED
use MethodAnnotation.METHOD_CALLED Don't complain about bogus contains calls if the value is only passed to assertFalse methods
remove debugging code
compare element types as well for collections to see if two collections might be equal
more tweaks
update version number to 1.3.7
fix NPE
when computing bug history, if a bug disappeared because the class disappeared, but then both the bug and class reappear, ressurrect the bug Define isDead() method for bugs
escape JavaScript code inside CDATA
remove dead local stores 
revert to previous behavior for naming invoked method
accumulate bugs
add checkfornull annotation
don't use dual key maps; too inefficient
number of changes involved with improving calculations of how bugs get resurrected
better documentation of -onlyAnalyze
fix potential class cast exception
more test cases
add -exclude option
Complete makeover of bug explorer: freely configurable grouping, similar to the Swing GUI.  Reporter refactoring/performance improvement: less overhead on reporting (accumulate bugs and create markers only at the end).
If we see a call to a method that always throws unsupported operation exception, don't assume that the code after the method call is unreachable. The called method is unlikely to be an error handler, and we're probably just missing an override or something
more bug ideas
int shift by 32 is a no-op
import cleanup
dump live local store information
set bit for CFG if it was changed because we found unconditional thrower methods
If class is abstract, ignore unconditional throwing methods unless the method can't be overriden
add some sanity checks
Bug; I want a findbugs detector for this bug
mark Stub! methods as synthetic
short msgs if we can't load a file
some additional sanity checking; don't report errors on bridge or synthetic methods Don't report DLS if the method CFG was pruned due to unconditional throwers
be a little smarter about how we deal with pruning of normal returns for unconditionally throwing methods and Dead local stores
Fixes for some CommonNavigater issues in bug explorer. Fixes(optimization for refreshing content. Removed (not more needed) filters for zero bug/non-java projects.
New test cases for SF bugs 1969563, 1993328, 2073889, and 2073901.
Added new icon for bug elements in bug explorer

fix package declarations
add check for vacuous call to easymock methods
Allow @NoWarning and @ExpectWarning on constructors
renamed fakedLibraries -> fakeLibraries for consistency
Ignore warnings for Eclipse (1.4) based API
Step 1: providing all available marker/bug informations in the standart Eclipse properties view. Next steps would be: use tabbed view and allow bug annotation changes from this view (which would allow to replace both bug details and bug annotation views).
Add -applySuppression to filter and convertXmlToText
allow these to appear anyway
add -applySuppression to findbugs ant task
fix flag problem
remove debugging code
 test case for unchecked call to generic method
add check for GC_UNCHECKED_TYPE_IN_GENERIC_CALL
clean up FB warning
generate low priority warnings about unchecked calls to generic methods (e.g., passing something with compile time type Object to  Map<String,String>.get(...) Make greater use of properties Report HE_SIGNATURE_DECLARES_HASHING_OF_UNHASHABLE_CLASS
- feature in progress: initial implementation for "Filter Bug by Id..." dialog in bug explorer view - feature: added "Empty Parent Bug Groups" and "Filter Bugs by Id" filters in bug explorer view - feature: selected grouping will persist after bug explorer view is closed - feature: added "Toggle Filter->This Pattern Type" for pattern and pattern type entries - feature: added properties page for bug pattern entries (right click -> Show Details) - fix: changed bug counts decorator to count bugs for the current package only (without children)
don't generate warnings for synthetic methods
Fix [ 2382790 ] Invalid BC impossible cast warning for byte array
More precise type
apply patch from [ 2400323 ] misspelled words
Fix ClassCastException
more type cleanup

fix [ 2357128 ] always false equals shouldn't report HE
New test cases for SF bugs 2207693 and 2353694
fix [ 2311502 ] Annotations incorrectly applied/ignored for synthetic access
more test cases
Add expected warning
provide getting for analysis version
provide access to a list of bug annotations
try to compute and store line number information for local variables
add new panic method name
add method that says whether a class descriptor is for an anonymous class
cleanup
hooks to find out whether a class or method uses synchronization
hooks to find out whether a class or method uses synchronization
Check for closing null
don't count references from anonymous inner classes
add PEGGED_HIGH
allow -prefix and -exclude to be comma separated provide -outputDir option
bug fix
fix [ 2400409 ] unnecessarily parted resources
New test case for SF bug 2382279
Added advanced properties for BugGroup objects for debugging.
Code cleanup, some fixes for refresh issues on incremental update (still in progress)
Fixed refresh issues. Filtering/intcremental updates should work now.
Code cleanup
Checks for null bugs (marker not found as a bug)
Checks for null markers (marker not found because already deleted)
copyDeadBugs must be true for incremental compile, otherwise incremental compile leads to unknown bug instances appearing (merged collection doesn't contain all bugs)
Another refresh fix. I hope someday it just starts to work es expected...
More checks for null markers (marker not found because refactored or moved)
Code cleanup: consistent markers handling
Added project name to "missing class" warning
More marker fixes: reveal parent group if marker is filtered
feature 2148441: added FindBugs -> Save XML action to projects menu (Tomas Pollak) bugfix: made FindBugs -> Load XML action available for single projects only, make consistent with Save XML 
Javadoc updates from jjames (Patch 2119512); other updates in patch appear to have been already made.
New test case for SF bug 2177967.
Smaller refactoring of internal tree element types
not all methods have line number tables
New test case for SF bug 2010156 (GUI does not navigate to line).
Testcase and fix for  [ 2436026 ] assignment of varargs to array
test case for [ 2437445 ] RCN reports wrong line
Temporarily disabled "filter bug by id" dialog (not ready yet) for 1.3.7 release
applied [ 2449982 ] incorrect words
fix for [ 2421277 ] [L B Se] EJB fields transient in violation of EJB spec
Added addition method
updated svn ignore settings
Fixed FB warnings generated with latest FB version on latest FB source
Updated Eclipse version required by FB plugin (at least 3.3)
Updated Eclipse version required by FB plugin (at least 3.3)
Updated Eclipse version required by FB plugin (at least 3.3)

1.3.7-rc1
SF bug 2306105:  remove local (empty) var that was incorrectly overriding global list of versions.  See also SF patch 1946923.
update JNLP
updates, trying to get jnlp working
don't mention skipped duplicate classes more than once
Use a different color for dead bugs

Make subtle/tricky code (assignment in boolean conditional) clearer; we are doing this for the side effect
Use skull and crossbones unicode character for dead bugs in GUI
Restoring checking for .equals(null) Improve checking for equals comparisons involving incompatible arrays of primitive types
Various tweaks to checks for equality between incompatible types
New test case for SF bug 2475589.
lower priority of complaints about transient fields 
more priority tweaking
tweak: if a class extends a class with a readObject method, don't complain about transient fields
add test case
Change google nullable annotation from CheckForNull to Nullable, matching current usage at Google
be more selective about open vs close quote
add note about making a svn branch
tweak build file to create plugin directory
Japanese localization and manual by K.Hashimoto [ 2449956 ] Japanese manual [ 2406532 ] GUI L10N in Japanese
Partial change list
some more release notes
Version 1.3.7 final?
update changelog on index.html
On to version 1.3.8
message cleanup
cleanup
more debugging info
get rid of some false positives in test cases
more test cases
Some more test cases for annotations Accidental Import cleanup
experiment: change rules for default annotations in JSR305 analysis
Now version 1.3.8
bug fixes to some of the type qualifier changes in 1.3.8
Better debugging 
Handle more useless methods whose result is passed to an assert method 
skip empty files, better error messages when problems reading a file
if a parameter has a direct annotation of Nullable or CheckForNull, don't mark it as being unconditionally dereferenced in the parameter database
better debugging information
bug fix
turn off part of build file
fix logic; previous fix was broken
better generation of warnings when a nullable or checkfornull parameter is used in a way that guarantees it will be dereference. Currently, probably generating some duplicate warnings
fix after memory profiling: avoid creation of thousands ValueNumber[0] arrays
better method name
new ideas
new ideas
don't need this anymore
treat a if (x == null) throw new NullPointerException(); as an unconditional dereference of x.
Add comments as to which calls are oK and which are bad
get rid of false positive warning from FindBugs
more work to identify check and throw null pointer checks
log missing annotation classes from javax.annotation packages
Keep track of total number of classes referenced in analysis (both classes analyzed and aux class path classes) List FileStats in alphabetical order
add referenced_classes attribute to FindBugsSummary
bug fix
Fix for SF bug 2317842:  update separator in package/file path comparison to make source highlighting work on Windows.
add invocation counts to profiler
if -xml or -output is specified, assume textui if not otherwise specified
Performance improve for really big zip files:   * adjust limit for maximum ZipFile size to 30010   * scan them using ZipFile to see if they contain more than 30010 entries  
write profile data to xml output
use findbugs.classpath in javadoc task
Allow for zero ClassProfile entries
oops; forgot to commit this.
allow for empty or missing profile
Compiler warning fixes: added serialVersionUID
Compiler warning fixes: applied patch 2143140 (Unchecked conversion fixes for Eclipse plugin) from Jerry James
FB Eclipse plugin build/deployment changes  Script changes ===============  1) Default build target now is "dist", which generates the ready-to use plugin zip file (was: "fbjars"). 2) No SVN native library in the system path needed anymore for the full build (thanks to SVNKit included in svnant-1.2.1). 3) FB core libraries will be compiled on demand only, and NOT on each build. 4) Only jars specified in the "jars.required" property, will be used to compile/deploy plugin. (Previously all *.jar files located at the plugin root was used).  Plugin deployment changes ==========================  5) All external jars required by the Eclipse plugin are now placed inside the /lib folder (similar to FindBugs itself). 6) findbugs.jar content is now *partly* included into the findbugs-plugin.jar (no gui/gui2 classes, no annotations classes).    This reduces the plugin download size by ~800 kB and enforces the separation of concerns. 7) findbugs.jar itself is not used for compile/deploy anymore, only the core subset of classes from findbugs.jar mentioned above. 8) findbugs-ant.jar is NOT a part of the plugin dependencies anymore and is NOT included into the plugin. 9) annotations.jar IS now part of the plugin dependencies. The jar contains "net.jcip.annotations" and "edu.umd.cs.findbugs.annotations" packages, which was previously located inside the findbugs.jar itself. 10) MANIFEST.MF does NOT export "findbugs.anttask" and "asm" packages anymore. 11) MANIFEST.MF contains now an *optional* [findbugs] plugin dependency. This is included for development purposes only:   a) to allow Eclipse compile [findBugsEclipsePlugin] project *without* running any ant build files.   b) to allow Eclipse use hot code replace while debugging FB Eclipse plugin from Eclipse.  Documentation changes ======================  The documentation how to build FB core/FB Eclipse projects from scrath is updated: http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/browse/trunk/eclipsePlugin/doc/building_findbugsplugin.txt
Reverting unintended commit.
Noise Null Deref
Added detectors that report noise based warnings, for use as controls in the measure of the accurracy/effectiveness of warnings 
Change noise detector to have more consistent scope/range
Back to standard JRE container; using org.eclipse.jdt.launching.JRE_CONTAINER/org.eclipse.jdt.internal.debug.ui.launcher.StandardVMType/J2SE-1.5 causes compile errors on OSX platforms
Fix for bug 2504068: NPEs if opening Bug explorer view first time, NPEs if opening the view during  workspace build, NPEs if analysing old (non-OSGI) plugins
Fix problem with analyzing classes dialog, including fix to NewProjectWizard from SF patch 2103906.
Fix OSX problem
Work to get the distribution from the noise detector closer to what we're looking for
add attributes giving number of errors and missing classes to Errors element of XML file
findbugstest cases requires java 1.6
fix access rules on JDK add test case
add test case
fix indentation, be more explicit about handling null
handle null closable items
profile time reading profiles
handle fall through into default case handle dead store due to throw
dial back # of NOISE_OPERATION warnings
get more detailed information when we can't open a zip file
For now, just verify plain.html
fix index out of bounds error
new bug pattern: dead store due to falling through switch statement to thrown exception
In text output mode, one line per msg
add additional functionality for Bags
wasn't applying exclusion filter to aux files
add experimental code for computing churn and treemap visualizations
Removed unused call
Fixed plugin source link
Simplified plugin version info generation. Just using built-in ant tasks, do not need extra custom tools.
We want check for serializable bugs in Eclipse plugin
bug fix: sometimes bugs in anonymous inner classes was shown at wrong locations
Fixed markers refresh issue introduced by bugfix for bug 2504068 (changelist 10525)
New test case for SF bug 2515908.
New test case for SF bug 2487936.
fix [ 2487936 ] "L B GC" false pos cast from Map.Entry.getKey() to Map.get()
[ 2515908 ] check for oddness should track sign of argument 
When a class filter is applied, filter the class and package stats as well
cleanup
Patch from Jerry James for Fedora build of FB, see http://jjames.fedorapeople.org/findbugs/ and https://mailman.cs.umd.edu/pipermail/findbugs-discuss/2009-January/002657.html 1. Remove the hunks that patch .classpath and .settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs.  These two files do not exist in the source distribution of BCEL 5.2.  I'm currently having to mask that by passing the -f flag to patch, and then adding "|| true" to the end to mask the nonzero return value from patch.  That's fragile.   2. Get rid of "import com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.impl.io.UTF8Reader" in src/java/org/apache/bcel/classfile/ConstantUtf8.java.  That import is unnecessary, and makes a build with gcj fail gratuitously.
Fixed compiler warning, see bug/patch 2532365 from Tomas Pollak
fix/new features related to bug 2522989: inconsistent filter files implementation.  1) Filter files can be now anywhere in the project OR in the workspace 2) On changes in relevant FB preferences, user will be asked to run FB analysis again 3) "Reset to defaults" now *really* reset to defaults (detectors configuration and filters fixed) 4) User preferences will be now re-read from disk if file was changed externally or before opening prefs dialog
Small refactoring
fix instance key, pay attention to isSignificant for Class annotations
Fixed filtering on PatternType (wrong cast)
Removed unused jars
Bugfixing working sets support:  1) get rid of "org.eclipse.ui.navigator.resources" content/action extensions - they caused more trouble then it's worth. Some related bugs are not fixed even in Eclipse 3.4.0. 2) simplified view settings initialization/save  Some polishing on Properties view support. 
update test cases
fix [ 2539601 ] SIC_INNER_SHOULD_BE_STATIC wrong proposal
"fix" fixme comment
remove out of date debugging code
New test case for SF bug 2539590:  incorrect warning message thrown due to missing default case in switch statement.
Disable noise/experimental bug reporting for FB plugin project
Added "Show in package explorer" menu to marker entries
Simplified FB perspective
More info shown in properties view and is should looks better now. Fixed ? double scrollbar issue with embedded browser widget.
don't show NOISE category
Made BuCode comparable, added toString to BugPattern and bug code iterator to I18N (all needed by the next Eclipse plugin changelist)
Fix for bug 2539590: SF_SWITCH_FALLTHROUGH wrong message reported. Added new SF_SWITCH_NO_DEFAULT bug pattern and separated between "fall_through" and "no_default" cases in detector.
fix test: NOISE category is hidden
bugfix: fixed bug explorer (common navigator) errors with Eclipse 3.5 feature: filtering by specific pattern from bug explorer feature (in progress): bug filtering configuration dialog
Add more test cases
More robust refresh, with some more delay to avoid "invalid marker" states. Failback solution for missing marker info (resources analyzed with older plugin version).
Patch from Tomas Pollak to prepare FB test plugin
SF Bug 2528264: change execution mechanism to correctly redirect output to files when specified.
more bug ideas: check for d.getYear() being compare to some value greater than 1900.
more bug ideas
checks for bad uses of results of deprecated Date methods
If running from Eclipse, it can't delete ant task jar because it is locked by OS because used by Eclipse.
fix [ 2514218 ] Summary counts in XML can be incorrect
clean up switch fallthrough detector
fix help typo
Less is more...
Fixed issue that sometimes bugs was not shown in editor (but in bug explorer)
Less is more...
Fixed issue: second pair of scrollbars shown on resize/tab selection
- feature: replaced bug details view with standart properties view, supporting Java editor -- bug details view exists no more, perspective definition changed - feature: added "Show Bug Details" action to Java editor ruler
Created a new folder for the Eclipse plugin test project.
Initial commit of the Eclipse plugin test project.
Ignore the .svn folder when creating the test project.
Added a small step-by-step guide to run the tests.
feature: added "Navigate - Show In - Bug Explorer" menu entry in all Java perspectives
Cosmetic changes to html presentation, also escape of forbidden "<>" characters
do updates for nonnegative values in the right location
don't show NOISE category, see http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=10575
do alphabetical bin sorting for analysis jar files, to try to reduce inconsistent analysis results.
SF Bug 2020066:  optionally show counts of bugs fixed in later releases in bug history.
Add test case
add test case
update JNLP files
SF bug 2545098:  escape low-valued characters in XML output to conform to W3C XML 1.0 specification.



Fix [ 2207693 ] OBL false positive for ResultSet Understand that closing a statement also closes result sets, and that closing a connection also closes statements and result sets
SF bug 2588044: fix small typo.
Add line breaks 
don't decrement obligation counts below zero don't have connections close statements and result sets
Update to use java.awt.Desktop in Java 6+ purge old command line based code
add support for hyperlinks to view source in external viewer
Always activate package explorer view, if not visible
add size to FileStats
add option to purge stats
add superpackages to interior nodes
Typo
Make sure we add the types of all fields and there superclasses to the set of referenced classes
Add readResolve as a method that should return a nonnull value Allow clone, toString and readResolve to have their return value nullness overridden by a direct annotation
Desktop.browse has void return type; fix reflective invocation
minor optimization: we already parse the names for single file code base entries
update computation of FileBugHash to compute sizes
remove junit from jnlp file
add debugging code
fix [ 2064273 ] Useless subclass method marks false positives
Added warning if filters are not enabled
Show "default package" for nameless packages
feature: property view shows bug counts info for elements selected in bug explorer Cosmetic changes for property view tab icons
Fix test case to reflect bug report
partial fix for [ 2177967 ] Missed Open Resource
Roll back accidental commit
We should analyse incrementally ONLY ONE SINGLE FILE. On big workspaces startup can take 4x and more time (for example, after updating Clearcase view) because Eclipse triggers incremental compile and we run FB analysis on all of this changed files...
fix [2177967]
Added one test for filter files. Cleanup.
Removed an unnecessary parameter.
Make misordered field summary problems a non fatal error
add null check
SF Bug 2589048:  update manual to better explain convertXmlToText.
Fixed temp file extension.
Added one test for filtering baseline bugs.
Added tests for MarkerUtil.
Added missing comments.
Fixed 2 broken /p> tags
Added detector description to detector configuration tab.  Added checkbox to allow show & configure "hidden" detectors.
SF Patch 2538184:  make BugCollection implement Iterable<BugInstance>.
SF Patch 2249771: add Maven2 FindBugs plugin link to the links page.
Added tests for the bug explorer view.
Use type-safe sets.
Fix for false positive in dead store due to switch fall through
SF Patch 2609526:  fix unnecessarily escaped HTML entity in manual.xml, update manual_ja.xml.
copy some more files to JNLP directory
use BugInstance constructor that includes the detector as an argument
New test cases for SF bugs 2602466 and 2612987.
Allow to specify filters by using text area (no validation checks yet)
Open links from bug description in external browser view
add schema when appropriate
add constructor for bug designations
first (rough) draft of sql based user annotation plugin
Add some more fields
Add some more features to JDBC plugin
simplify switch fallthrough logic
more tweaking to noise detectors
profiler rewrite
allow for more profile data
more test cases
findbugs test cases needs to be build with 1.6
strip out the command line parameters for user annotation plugin; we need to do it a different way
formatting cleanup
fix dumb bug in profiler
Resolve some findbugs issues
Resolve some findbugs issues
rename plugin class
fixup
add superclass annotation to warning about uncallable methods of anonymous inner classes
more work on source links
Make compareTo match equals: if we have line number information, two source line annotations are equal if they refer to the same line numbers
include link to overriden method when complaining about a method that doesn't call super
Fix some false positives from infinite loop detector
clean up lookup code, look past abstract methods to superclasses
cleanup and restructuring
Show back link to bug explorer from package explorer inside findbugs perspective
Ignore bad urls
Allow tests to run with Eclipse 3.4+ (Eclipse 3.5M5 works just fine)
Specify exact locale ("en") for test case. With default system locale test fails on a non-"en" localized workstations.
- BugPattern exposes "deprecated" attribut now - copied existing "deprecated" info from bugcollection.xml to findbugs.xml "deprecated" info in bugcollection.xml seems to be unused... - DetectorFactory returns set of BugPatterns (not list) now - added "reported by" info for "bug filter" dialog. Log an error if bug pattern is NOT deptecated AND NOT reported by any factory (but still exists in findbugs.xml).
only enable EqStringTest detector if comparing *string* constants, otherwise it detects such constructs too: if(clazz == BlaBla.class)
reclassify some issues as style; not enough real hits to label as correctness
Make JDBC user annotation plugin work. At the moment, very experimental.
Make JDBC user annotation plugin work. At the moment, very experimental.
When rejar-ing, don't rejar classfiles with size 0
Added a test for the FindBugs perspective.
better handling of runtime exceptions while loading classes
add better timing info output
Preparing for 1.3.8-rc1.
Code cleanup: removed tiger substitutes and fixed places where this class was used
Fixed NPE on getAbnnotationText() result
Fixed another NPE, if bugCollection is null
1.3.8-rc1 is out; reverting to dev version.
add more bug ideas
special handling for Arrays.asList and Arrays$ArrayList.toArray()
more improvements to JDBC user annotation plugin
add some more roles for Class annotations
if there is no ignored matching parameter, check for a unique matching parameter
some handing of Arrays.asList define Item.isConstantValue(long)
Add some checkForNull annotations
If an anonymous class extends Object and implements a single interface, annotate the issue with the interface
recognize (x & 0xffffffff) and (x | 0) and (x ^ 0) as vacuous bit mask operations
add package prefix as a sortable. At the moment, limited to 3 components
Make comment field text rather than varchar
fix description of overridden method
you need _runtime_ retention to see annotations via reflection
forgot a word
bug fixes for false positives
Fixed different new FB warnings on FB code
Don't report vacuous bit operation if both values are constant
dumber is better
roll back some bug fixes of changes inspired by a questionable FindBugs warning
make the last seen time based on the time the classes were compiled, not when they were analyzed
clean up whitespace
allow package prefix length to be specified
If we get a file not found exception, just print the name of the file, not a stack trace
had lhs and rhs flipped for == reference comparison checks
lower limit for churn
added code to count issues by package prefix
raise priority if names are identical except for case; really need an edit distance function
Fix for not updating property page on Windows
get rid of some debugging code
fix some mistakening uncommitted code
correct msg
import cleanup
more test cases is goodness
fix some miss-targeted indirect CheckReturnValue annotations
use string edit distance in identifying mistargeted field/variable references
use string edit distance in identifying mistargeted field/variable references
Added more debug info for resource changes, content provider fix for changes during "move/rename class" refactoring
fix lhs vs. rhs confusion
provide additional feedback from JDBC plugin
add more output 
Added a test for the GroupByAction.
Added missing copyright.
Added tests for the FilterBugsDialog.
Renamed some test classes to use some standard names.
Temporary fix for crash in Eclipse plugin which does not have gui2 classes and can't instantiate JDBCUserAnnotationPlugin...
Fix for the dirty fix. Don't create plugin instance twice.
Second fix for the dirty fix. If user wan't use plugin, it should not be asked again and again.
- feature 2022229: have workspace level preferences for FindBugs -- per default, workspace settings are used for new plugins -- plugins with existing .fbprefs files are assumed to have custom preferences until they explicitely disable project prefs -- per default, Eclipse will not enable categories EXPERIMENTAL,I18N,MALICIOUS_CODE,SECURITY for new projects (can be changed in workspace settings)  - feature 1516701: Allow external and/or network filter files: now Eclipse plugin supports (any) absolute OS paths for filter files -- Rewritten FilterFilesTab: now dialog will disallow invalid selection of filter files -- Removed FileSelectionDialog because it can only deal with workspace files  - internal rework of job scheduling: use same rule for all FB jobs.  - code cleanup of ClearMarkers and ClearMarkersEditor actions -- added testClearFindBugs() to FindBugsTest (thanks to Tomas for test plugin!)  - fixed NPE in Load/SaveXml actions if current window is not active (found in the test)  - bugfix (?) Clear bug collection if user run "clear markers" action on project. We don't want (yet) to collect years of old bug information in .fbwarnings for Eclipse.  - changed IO class to not to spawn new Threads for writing files and to throw CoreException instead of IOException  - bugfix: fixed NPE in changesets if they contains deleted files  
Added Tomas to the team list. He did (does) great job by contributing Eclipse plugin tests.
From https://mailman.cs.umd.edu/pipermail/findbugs-discuss/2009-March/002711.html  it seems that DM_STRING_EMPTY_EQUALS detector was disabled 4 years ago:  http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=2386 http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=2388  Somewhere between 2004 and 2006 the rest of commented out code was completely removed, so here is the cleanup of messages.
Fix for false positives: decreased prio from high to low for this (unfortunately) standart template snippet for Eclipse plugin class:  	public void start(BundleContext context) throws Exception { 		super.start(context); 		plugin = this; // <- ST_WRITE_TO_STATIC_FROM_INSTANCE_METHOD 	} 	 This are lifecycles methods of a plugin, so it is very common to set the singleton instance here.
More reliable detection of a plugin (aka BundleActivator) start/stop methods
NM_FIELD_NAMING_CONVENTION tuning: ignore "public statis String InstallIUCommandTooltip;" messages from Eclipse NLS bundles. Each ui plugin has tons of them, and in many cases they have bad names.
Change CheckExpectedWarnings so that it generates warnings
support chooseVisitors in anttask
Do not enable full build for workspace props as default, because user can't change it :-)
Removed unneeded refresh
format improvements
Provide hooks to match fixed bugs, to handle version instability issues
improved msgs
- improved this = plugin; assignement detection for plugin classes - decreased priority of warnings on assignment to *DEBUG*=true or *VERBOSE*=true boolean flags
Preparation for 1.3.8-rc2.
1.3.8-rc2 out, reverting release candidate state.
Added some tests for the FindBugsPropertyPage. Still a work in progress.
added FindBugs perspective link to all Java perspectives, updated release notes
Declare @WillClose on input to avoid false positive in clients
feature 1516701: if filter file is located inside workspace/project, do not use absolute pathname for it. Solves the issue if projects on different workstations are  located in different roots, but use shared config file. Cool side effect: old FB property files which used ONLY project relative paths format is valide again and can be unchganged.
First try to use target platform spec files for Eclipse 3.5. Issue: local Eclipse paths are hardcoded. Have no idea (yet) how to make it better.  Probably we can generate it with ant script using local.properties?
Extracted a method in the FindbugsPropertyPage to avoid changing the preferences in the test.
Added another test for the FindBugsPropertyPage.
Re-exported the findbugs dependency so that the test plugin doesn't depend on it.
Cosmetic fixes for group selection dialog
removed exact version information from required plugins (should work on Eclipse 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5).
Added some tests that verify the project-workspace interaction for the preferences page.
The test resources should be part of the deployed plugin, in case we run from ant.
change INT_VACUOUS_BIT_OPERATION from CORRECTNESS to STYLE 
New test case for SF bug 2672946.
Add additional property description
handle selenium WebElements
New change list for 1.3.8.
generate better msg when first file can't be read
add main method to clear GUI state
recognize com.google.gwt.uibinder annotations
also compute code size and defect density for package prefixes
explain why bugs are hidden
various small tweaks to detectors
change priority of invocating toString on a String to low priority No real performance impact
Allow for URLENCODED properties
add OBSOLETE_CODE as a user designation
add test case
fix regression
move from String based class descriptors to Class based descriptors
oops. forgot to commit this
note which unrelated types bugs are noisy bugs
added more bug ideas
1) Fixed wrong (first) constant value used for second one in handleDcmp, handleFcmp, handleLcmp 2) Fixed all autoboxing/autounboxing warnings 3) Fixed "unread variable" warnings 4) Fixed most of "parameter/local variable hides field" warnings
Let the code as is, there are too much whitespace issues :(
Allow profiler class to be accessed from Eclipse plugin
Added bin/experimental to svn:ignore
Releasing version 1.3.8.
On to version to 1.3.9.
cap priority on null dereferences with a long stretch from null value to dereference
Updated build.properties (used by Eclipse PDE build only) to get rid of missing library warnings
Explain exit code when 'exitCode' option is set so 'Java Result' printed by ant is less mysterious (commit to trunk as well).
a little more smarts about null dereferences. In particular, use information about method parameters that must be nonnull in the forward dataflow analysis of nullness.
Renamed a method to reveal intent.
Added a test case for the label decorator.
Added test cases for the filters in the properties page.
separate category for defects that result in useless strings being generated
raise priority for comparing Foo<Bar> and Bar, where we don't have any hard information about whether Foo and Bar might be compatible
various extensions to user annotation code and code to allow lazy loading of src and bug data
Use information about final static null constants in type and null value analysis
fix infinite iterative loop detector
handle problem with io exceptions when reading zip input stream code bases
make method naming detector less sensitive when a class has a lot of methods that don't follow naming conventions
more bug ideas
Add some annotations about slashed/dotted class names
make sure io streams are closed, even if we have an exception
some ref comparisons should be flagged as correctness issues. When the value being compared against is a public static final constant, more likely to represent special flag value

More workflow code for mining bug repositories
allow class name patterns to be separated by ,
add an all done msg
if launch ui not specified, invoked textui if a class file or jar file is supplied as an argument
for static fields, look in interfaces for field declarations
provide utility method to get nonnull user annotation
handle bad class names in generated protobuffer code
make sure we supply a nonnull user annotation
look at all final field loads, not just public static ones
break out comparing Boolean references using == as a separate bug pattern
don't check naming conventions in synthetic classes reformat code
disable reports of DMI_SCHEDULED_THREAD_POOL_EXECUTOR_WITH_ZERO_CORE_THREADS
Only do the special analysis for field of primitive types
allow unconditional throwers to be specified as a command line property
add additional debugging output
Added one more test for the properties page.
Added some tests for the utility methods of FindBugsWorker.
Added some tests for the ResourceUtils class.
Quick fix tests, first commit. The tests are still disabled. Refactored the test class hierarchy, included some examples. The abstract test classes still need to be renamed.
Renamed some test classes.
Added more quick fix tests.
Added final quick fix tests. Enabled the quick fix functionality in the plugin.
Updated plugin version number.
Removed one element from the resolutions element that was causing an exception to be logged.
Improvements to checking static unconditional thrower methods: No need to be so conservative, since we know exactly which method is invoked. Allow for unconditional throwers that specify a return value of Exception or Error
The parameter to public static void main(String []) methods is nonnull
some tweaks for calls to checker methods that assert/check that their parameters are nonnull
compute bug rank in GUI
up the priority to high
Rank and category tweaking
1) Refactoring Profiler: replaced one static instance with per project/analysis profiler object. This allows to get precise profiler numbers if running multiple analyses in same VM or in parallel. This also fixes the issue for bug collection if it is written to xml with "wrong" numbers from static instance and not for the current analysis run.  2) Added configurable profiler results sorting and filtering (by time/time per call/calls).  3) Feature (work in progress): added FindBugs console for debugging/profiling/monitoring FindBugs in production. Note, that Eclipse plugin is currently not working at all because of CNF issues with MainFrame at runtime.
- Fix for broken FB Eclipse build: bugrank.txt file was not deployed - added jdepend package dependency test contributed by Tomas Pollak - Fix for bug 2718970: NoClassDefFoundError: gui2/MainFrame (Eclipse plugin broken) - Redirected all calls to Mainframe from core to IGuiCallback - added IGuiCallback to the Project - fixed most of core classes accessing gui classes (redirected calls to IGuiCallback)  TODO: do the same stuff for Annotation plugin access from core (at least Eclipse plugin is working now again).
distinct priority for incompatibility of a java.util interface and some other class
Don't create auxilaryOut unless we are going to put something in it
make -resetSource work
make use of edit distance checker
add ... to labels
tweak bug rank
more changes to JDBC user annotation plugin
prototype detector; have to save it to svn in prep for disk wipe
copy bugrank.txt as well
just some toy code, to make system properties write once
add -excludePattern option to rejarForAnalysis
Look for partial, rather than full match for excluded patterns list # of excluded class files
Look for partial, rather than full match for excluded patterns list # of excluded class files
add additional fields and tables
Updated the "how to": including plugin tests description
don't use blank for a combo box
updates to methods for getting system properties
provide hooks for loading resources from plugin and etc directories
updates to methods for getting system properties
more plugin work
update rank for RE_POSSIBLE_UNINTENDED_PATTERN
Annotations should also not depend on gui2
add a few more hooks for setting system properties from files
issue 2709398: source folders are not configured by plugin, thus SwitchFallthrough (findbugs.sf.comment=true) was not working
- Fixed some issues with current code - made loadPropertiesFromURL() public to allow Eclipse set global workspace properties
better error msgs
each bug collection knows which project it is associated with
Working on rewrite of user annotation plugin, and renaming/transforming to cloud plugin.
updates to handle FB refactoring
use new APIs
more work on the FindBugs cloud
simplification
Use a shorter form for boilerplate code, closing streams in finally blocks.
getting ready for the experiment
don't supply project
change to loading of system properties
update sql
cosmetic typo
set GUI callback
formatting
add foreign key constraints
Provide information about source of value for RCN warnings
Do some work to autoexpand to make sure the user doesn't have to spend a lot of work digging
make Uncallable method of anonymous inner class guess as to which method you were trying to override

Also look in plugin directory
cosmetic reordering
give better error msg
various performance optimizations
got rid of unique ID, need special request to get sorted class stats
various cleanups
cleanup: removed a method that was never called.
cleanup: typos.
cleanup: fixed a compiler warning.
Various work to improve GUI
fix usage of Java 1.6 api
more work on project paths
cleanup
Allowing for Sortables that are not always available
code to generate a bug report
More cloud updates; still unstable for general use

fix forgotten commit
make caching of containing scope work
performance tweaks
new bug ideas
more work on the DB cloud
provide 90 day filter only query cloud reports if supported 
add new detector to check for ignored result of putIfAbsent when the reference to the value passed as the second argument is retained and reused
add assertion that argument is nonnull
allow filtering on bug rank
more consistent and centralized code for loading of analysis. Use progress monitored input stream whenever possible
add some annotations to ConcurrentMap
Make the analysis work on any method invocation on something that is a subclass of ConcurrentMap
allow setting of a propery to specify firefox launches via Runtime.exec
code to compute statistics on other uses of putIfAbsent
add some sanity checks for timestamps
typos.
Added a test for the JdtUtil class.
Removed some code that would never be called.
Use a more compact notation.
- feature 2734173 (work in progress): allow to analyse classes inside archives, external classes/libraries - feature: offer user to switch to the FB perspective after analysis
Documented feature 2734173: Eclipse plugin: allow to analyse classes inside archives
cleanup
don't create directories unless we can open the file we intend to copy there
enable resurrection by default
various cloud updates
more changes for DontIgnorePutIfAbsent
findbugs cleanup
findbugs cleanup 
add examples from cigital java rulepack
add additional bug annotations
Don't complain about other issues related to botched void constructors
higher precision information about reference comparisons, more bug annotations for them
have to return the annotation
add mondo target to build file
fix double checked locking
no reason to limit package prefixes to packages; classnames are OK as well
various tweaks to bug information, trying to make bug annotations more consistent. 
enable assertions in some tasks
various additional changes
cleanup 
Provide utility to convert HTML snippet to plain text
better messages
generate bug detail text in bug report
Clean out dead code Don't run noiseNullDeref over classes that extend ProtocolMessage
Added a join. There was some non-deterministic behaviour of the tests, since the FB nature was changed asynchronously.
Updated some tests to reflect the latest changes.
Refactored the test cases to support the concept of a 'test scenario'. This will allow to define new scenarios with different input files more easily.
Renamed the source folders for the test scenarios.
Moved the JDTUtilTest to a new scenario.
Simplified the setUp declaration.
fix bugs in directory creation 
improvements to html to plain text converter
add I_WILL_FIX designation
switch to in memory cache for source file archives loaded remotely
Make sure the test won't be blocked by the confirmation dialog.
Provide testing for desktop integration
Change to allow java 1.5+
add more logging
more improvements for testing desktop integration
Allow listing of bug rank
harder plugin infrastructure
handle -rank
don't complain about a resource not being closed unless the method contains, somewhere, a call to close it. If we don't see such a method, then it is likely that either the method isn't intended to close it, or that the close is done indirectly (e.g., via a helper method)
check for methods invoked from constructors for superclasses
Add msg for DL
disable NOISE_NULL_DEREFERENCE
Fix runtime exception
don't worry about this$X fields or other synthetic fields
OK if field initialized before read
Have to actually use the data we compute in initializedFields
Improvements to detection of read of uninitialized instance field in method invoked from super constructor
Add information for UR_UNINIT_READ_CALLED_FROM_SUPER_CONSTRUCTOR 
more fine tuning of UR_UNINIT_READ_CALLED_FROM_SUPER_CONSTRUCTOR
don't set loaded until we are all loaded
don't do firefox launch unless we are on linux
tweaks to resource tracking detector. Make it up to individual detectors whether to require a close
priority tweak
more careful marking when see a self call in constructor
add additional view filters based on review status
Add additional options for view filtering
Remember that a field has been nullchecked
cleanups
allow for os dependent properties
GUI tweaks
add some additional bug annotations
updated list of reported issues
Only ignore portion of signature past ), not past (
report to console if bug already filed
simplify logic
playing with insets
update bug ranks 
fix some msgs
reorder for optimization purposes
allow for os dependent URL rewritting Provide GUI callback for error msgs Fix some cloud infrastructure Allow disabling of warning about quiting without saving When MainFrame exits, need  to shutdown cloud
add additional methods to provide toString methods that shorted their result based on the primary class
ignoring String.intern is only medium priority
turn auto expansion back on
more tweaks to bug report
shorten button messages
add tool tips
shorten button labels
guard against NPE
don't ask about username
make launch via exec the preferred option if available
include properties from plugin directory in jnlp/findbugs.jar
Tree expander still not working.... Shorten msgs in bug summary
Fix problem with parsing XML files from URL's that have embedded \! 
explain deprecation
keep track of which type values are known exactly across dup, load and store instructions
Break out BC_IMPOSSIBLE_CAST to include two new patterns:  BC_IMPOSSIBLE_DOWNCAST BC_IMPOSSIBLE_DOWNCAST_OF_TOARRAY
more improvements to "file Bug"
have to be more careful about tracking exact types
don't record duplication source annotations
better messages
provide more minimized version of browser integration code
fix typo
only report EC_NULL_ARG if the null value analysis is valid and agrees with the type analysis
provide methods to determine if desktop and webstart are feasible
play with insets and ipads
Add new view filter: Not reviewed by me
don't try to copy files for unknown source annotations
Forgot to negate logic
more bug ideas
Disable reports about calls to unsupported methods; not yet ready for prime time
add some more view filters
All objects that implement ClassMember should support a getSourceSignature method
fix -loadBugs/-loadbugs for FindBugs gui; either is allowed, only -loadBugs is listed
add information about:   SourceSignatures   which methods are stubs   which classes have stubs   
add prescreen method
Extended the test scenarios to allow multiple source folders. Added a test case that exposes a possible bug on the bug explorer view with multiple source folders.
Added a comment.
don't summarize classes that have method stubs
new bug pattern: non-static inner class and thread local deadly embrace
Add merge summerize and view functionality
update bug rank
add NPE check
preliminary support for multiple current working directories
Using a shared fixture for the tests for performance reasons. Now the test project is created only once for each test class. Grouped together the FindBugs, SaveXML and LoadXML tests. On my machine the runtime went from 70 secs to 40 secs.
various adjustments to handle mergeSummarizeAndView and multiple current working directories
immediately update cloud report when designation changed
update schema to allow for WrkDir elements
add optional sourceSignature element for Field
Improvements to detection of read of instance field in method invoked by superclass constructor. We now track and report interprocedural paths across 3 methods
null pointer guard
over simplified summary field a little too much
NPE guard
Don't center splash screen; doesn't look good on multimonitor setups
make putfield scanner a little smarter
Workaround for bug 2785257 (has to be solved better) see http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=614693&aid=2785257&group_id=96405 currently we can't run FB only on a subset of classes related to the specific source folder if source folders have same class output directory. In this case the classes from BOTH source folders are examined by FB and new markers can be created for issues which are already reported. Therefore here we check if a marker with SAME bug id is already known, and if yes, delete it (replacing with newer one)
If we don't have current working directories, try resolving against OS current working directory
add table for keeping track of bug reports
add multiset utility class
dont run findbugs all the time
various cloud improvements
improve some messages
update sql
Force on top, even if a browser window is opened as well
trival formatting
record findbugs invocations
consider if zero and if not zero the same as null tests
fix type analysis error in keeping track of when we know type information is exact
Better representation showing inline whether a type in know exactly
update some bug ranks and classifications
more priority tweaking
remove commented out code
clean up some issues to make the db cloud more robust
priority tweaks
fix typo
make null pointer analysis more precise; don't loose the fact that a nonnull value is that way because there would have been a kaboom
fix NPE that should have been found by findbugs
provide an I-will-fix query that checks either bug designation or bug assignee status
cloud updates
tweak priority: if null comes from static field, lower priority to low
Patched from Andy
get analysis options from core resources
updaes to comment area
provide better feedback about current status of database connection
avoid class initialization circularity
allow dbcloud outside of mainframe projects
Adding CommandLineUiCallback for MergeSummarizeAndView. Preparation step to connect to the cloud from a command line session. 
restructure comment area
fix typo
Can't have @Override annotations on methods just defined in an interface until Java 6
add user evaluation text to bug report Pop up msg first time user evaluates an issue
bug rank tweaks
updates for msv
fix typo
Print stack trace on DB connection error 
Temporary fix for maxAge filter. Needs to be reviewed (look for TODO, and verify that the firstSeen value is properly set in the DB / properly read, since I observe 0 values) 
Remove debug statement 
Add switch to always show the GUI when there's at least one BugInstance. Defaults to show GUI only if there's 1+ warnings meeting the filtering criteria. 
store common prefixes in findbugs invocation table shutdown cloud in msv, if we don't pop up the GUI Relabel some of the buttons
more work tweaking bug rank and improving bug pattern explainations
Not so much of a problem to ignore putIf Absent if the value is immutable. Adjust priorties accordingly.
A number of changes designed to make the cloud integration work better when we don't have all the bells and whistles. 
Not a problem if value is immutable. Try to adjust priorities appropriately. 
use existence of concurrency in the class as a signal to elevate priority
only enable reanalysis if we know what to reanalyze
Only list project names in menu if they have at least one issue
Don't try to open GUI if running in headless mode
Remove firstSeen related TODO after looked into it 
add forgotten commit
require that the value annotation be available
fix view menu
improve cloud summary
Show primary designation in cloud report
new submitted bug idea
Added new bug pattern LG_LOST_LOGGER_DUE_TO_WEAK_REFERENCE
report all of the line numbers where updates might be lost 
priority tweak
improve bug pattern explanation
Changes to support use of plugins in jnlp mode 
changes to support plugins in jnlp 
cloud improvements  
Revert back; might have been causing problems
trim leading white space in source code
remove debugging printlns
provide addAll method 
reenable stay on top functionality
don't add multiple listeners
move "set package prefix by package" to model dialog

Fix re-analyze after loading project via findbigs-msv. Keep original currentWorkingDirectory list 
some changes to make detecting which classes have source files faster
Instrument startup time Don't allow comments to be entered unless cloud will store them Provide analysis summary in cloud summary (# packages, classes and NCSS)
Change package prefix strings to be classname search strings Collect jvm startup and fb startup time as well as analysis load times.
Various updates 
Tweaks to rank and message for Logging warning 
cleanup findbugs warnings
work on cleaning out db warnings and commented out code
make this detector a little more accurate * Use OpcodeStack to look for escaping Loggers * High priority unless main method, in which case normal priority
add more bug ideas
Actually have to invoke the new functionality
Use case to logger as an indication that we have imported a logger
Add checkExpectedWarnings
Add new utility class
reclassify some warnings as style Allow some elements of stats to be optional
Apply formatting to unableToLoad msg
compute various statistics
Was getting NPE for findbugs-msv
only show plus... if we already showed some issues
compute more stats
update stat reporting
fix sql typo
more stats
more stats
Work to allow for database resync
provide full equals and compareTo methods for BugDesignations
provide null safe compareTo Method
provide for periodic polling of database for updates
make first-time bug dialog be a yes/no message, with no meaning Don't file bug
More stats
more bug ideas
break out separate bug pattern for providing a MessageFormat when printf style format expected
make documentation and code sync up
fix NPE
Update stats
use bug rank in computing statistics Warn if more than one person 
update db stats code. Don't collect information we don't need Use timestamps Collect bug filing data
Try to close up problems with weird timestamps
add some debugging code
fix bug
fix bugs
add note from properties file to bug filing message
Fix ranker; use minimum from all plugins 
Remove debugging code 
use first entry in project/bug component packages
updates to statistics for dashboard
get rid of some debugging code
Fix bracket problem
get rid of debugging code
Allow I_WILL_FIX to work
Implement leaderboard blacklist
change capitalization
handle shutdown while syncing
IdentityHashMap isn't a use of an unhashable value
We have an equals, we need a hashCode method
add jvm version to information logger per invocation
add last 3 days option to view menu
make in the-GUI leader board a little longer (9 rows)
Compute overall evaluation of issues in stats
Don't complain about root logger
give first time warning msg if some issues cannot be persisted to db
check failIfUnableToLoadViaURL
check findbugs.failIfUnableToConnectToDB
No, check findbugs.failIfUnableToLoadViaURL
minimize window during which two bugs could be filed for the same issue
provide closeSilently for Connection
make sure cloud report window gets updated promptly, either when the user is now allowed to see comments by others, or when a database sync allows them to see something. Free view in place until view changes
Fix bug found by FindBugs
remove debugging code
report invocation and load times in seconds
Ignore pending issues if we filed them
more logic fixing
warn about missing ranks
fix statistics
root logger is empty string
add stats about bugs filed
Prototype of new lazy initialization checker
Handle     if (x != null)      return x;    x = new(...)    x.setFoo();
tweaks to lazy initialization detection
Handle debug code and potential NPE
Don't count duplications in bug report table
Use package stats if we don't have class stats
Don't insert a pending record if one already exists
more centralized updating of bugreport entries
compute additional details about bugs filed for scariest issues
correct imprecision in how we handle null != foo

improvements to null pointer analysis
compute issue and pattern average and variance
add fractional multiset
various fixes
fix
Add rank to output for bug patterns
add bug pattern to high variance issue list
add additional view menus for overall classification
fix NPE close some DB resources
have to actually use the classification filter
tweak to lazy init, before we completely replace it
Adjust bug ranks 
Better handling of password masking 
fix handling when there is both a void constructor and a constructor-like void method 
Handle obsolete code comments separately 
Add test cases for false positives from FindBugs fixit
List up to 200 people in bug filing lists
get rid of some false positives
count obsolete code separately
Don't round issue score except for bar graph
Update pattern stats to be csv
Updates  
Bug fix: The -pluginList option must always be processed before -adjustPriority. If there are option files (e.g. analysisOptions.properties), such options were inserted at the beginning of the argv array. If such option files include "-adjustPriority" (a common case), this prevents us from specifying -pluginList in the command line, since it results in an IllegalStateException.  Fix: Add all expanded options (from option files) at the end of the options list, before the list of jar/zip/class files and directories.  Side effect: CommandLine.expandOptionFiles() is now an instance method, and no longer static.  
don't write out deprecated filename attribute unless it is something other than the default value
allow project name to be set
fix else-if chain
Add -pluginList option to PrintingBugReporter (convertXmlToText) 
get tooltip in the right place
Tweaks priority for methods that look like void constructors 
lower priority for uninitialized get if super constructor calls overridden method
copy projectName with duplicating a project
lower priority if the only thing you do with the uninitialized field is null check it
fix problem with loading from byte array
Impose ordering constraints 
Improve messages 
Adjust bug ranks 
More tweaks
Provide option to use analysis times rather than code times when building histories
Make field self assignment detector self assignments to fields other than those of "this"
fix bugs found by findbugs
Not all loads are via registers
Don't call System.getProperties
expand list of non-voting designations
assume volatile fields are never constant
Allow option to skip analysis
allow option to filter on whether or not source is known
fix indentation
fix detection of void constructors for inner classes
priority tweak
adjust which methods should have their return value checked
adjust cloud details to work better for jdk, eclipse, etc.
allow external access to local variables
add Eric Fellheimer  to credits for Lost Logger
SureLogic is not an active sponsor
god help the people who use String.toString() as a null check
handle self comparisons where the result is ignored: these are dumb null tests, not self comparisons
more bug ideas
change logic for prompting for user name
check for locking on any java.util.concurrent instance
update bugranks update messages
add test cases for dereferencing java.lang.ref method calls without a null check
java.lang.ref.Reference.get() and java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue.poll() return values should be null checked
remember user.name
shorten text for obsolete code designation
work on updating documentation
fix URL's for jnlp files
unify treatment of locking util.concurrent instances
more checking for noAnalysis
add more bug ideas
fix typo
change view filter for controversial issues. Base on disagreement percentage (>25%), rather than variance
Handle GWT JavaScript overlay types
raise JLM_JSR166_LOCK_MONITORENTER priority if locking on util.concurrent instance, rather than subclass
Add option to show obsolete code 
Add -maxRank option 
If we see bogus firstSeen timestamps, update them
Turn MergeSummarizeAndView into something that can be invoked
allow properties file to specify open/close pairs
If we can't find superclass, don't report warnings
make properties public
set cloud
Update bug ranks 
remove mysql lib 
Add mysql-connector as part of standard FindBugs distribution
disable html validation run over findbugs test cases
Fix problem with first seen date for new issues Do bug tracker login to avoid problems with URL rewriting  
Ignore timestamps from before Oct 1992.
add will not be fixed to view menu
Fix trimming to maxRank as we combine bug collections
updating of when an issue is last seen
Handle checking for invalid dates more consistently  
added baselineDate to msv
fix bug that should have been pointed out by findbugs
Fix typos in baseline option 
new detector for field self assignment
Add new bug ideas
fixes
Open window a little
Reset state on return from method
Fix for the false positives?
need to handle the case where the first assignment comes after the second (in line numbers)
Additional improvements
Don't make findbugsTestCases part of smoketest 
improvements to finding double field assignment
use edit distance ratio in computing "Did you mean" field annotations
Priority tweak
more tweaks
provide method to determine if cloud connected
Added option to throw exception if we can't connect to database
turn off debugging flag
fix logic; continue to look at all fields
provide options to minimize size of generated XML
use max rank to disable detectors that can't report anything at least as scary as the max rank threshold
newest database format
export all bugs and scary bugs as a bug collection
remove old, dead code from previous implementation
Add test cases for obligations
If issue marked as bad analysis, file bug against findbugs
try to ensure that project name appears in title bar
Add user classification to filed bug
shorten msg
Don't null out bug collections
add option to list unassigned bugs
fix logic for getBugIsUnassigned
fix findbugs.postmortem.maxRank flag
Make sure we first save comments if someone clicks on "File Bug"
Make sure we save the comments if the user then selects a designation
add additional error checking
more logging
fix SQL syntax
remove debugging code
add annotation
Fix some null pointer bugs
Add utility method
Fix for bug 2815983: latest 1.3.9 stream build do not report any bugs. The reason was the commit 11352, which added the maxRank value checks. Unfortunately, maxRanks is not initialized at all by all GUI's (except the command line runner). So assigning the first reasonable value (42) as default max rank threshold.
Patch for NPE in FindbugsFrame - ID: 2816107
Plugin can not have bugrank.txt. In this case, an empty bugranker will be created, see https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=2816102&group_id=96405&atid=614693 
Added annotation details to the properties view. Moved PropertyPageAdapterFactory from explorer to properties package.
Adding a detector test. This test runs FindBugs on the findbugsTestCases project and checks that all bugs are the expected ones. It's currenctly ignored, since there are a few regressions. I'm comitting this on both the trunk and the 2.0 rework branch.
add test cases
Fix for sourceforge bug 2817789  When String concatenation was compiled using new StringBuilder(foo).append(bar), we weren't detecting it.  Fixed.
fix for 2820124
Don't use reflection to launch gui
Correct debugging output
change default bug rank threshold to 20 (all bugs)
Change how multiple bugrank files are combined
add new implementation of union bugs ant task which is based on AbstractFindBugsTask
Cleanup; formatting, other semantics free changes
Adding expected bug annotations for some test cases.
Adding expected bug annotations for some test cases.
Adding expected bug annotations for some test cases.
Fix bugs 1817381, 1844673 and 2821733
correct non-UTF8 character encoding
fix NPE's in bug ranker, work better with multiple bug rank definitions
clean up findbugs warnings
fix for bug 2824160
minor formatting improvement
restore reports for NP_EQUALS_SHOULD_HANDLE_NULL_ARGUMENT
Fix for bug 2824716
bug test cases
report unclosed resources in main methods, unless it is an input stream or a reader Add test case for source forge bug 2829221
Fix sourceforge bug 2828788
fix sourceforge bug 2830218
fix FindBugs issue 2816457
Fix source forge bug 2816457
fix bug 2812817
Fix for sourceforge bug 2812351  weren't loading jars from jre/lib/ext
make default to scan nested archives Fix 2810234
add test case for 2800825
fix for sourceforge issue 2798458 if includeFile, excludeFile or baselineBugs is zero length, clear corresponding attribute
fix for sourceforge bug 2798271; false positive for new Random used only once
remove HashList; no longer used
fix for sourceforge bug 2787588: false positives from dead local store detector
more examples
fix for sourceforge bug 2786054; add a DID_YOU_MEAN_TO_OVERRIDE description to method annotation
fix for sourceforge bug 2727187
more bug test cases
formatting
Investigation of Bug2690044
formatting
fix for sourceforge bug 2707502: don't do null pointer analysis on methods marked @Test(expected=NullPointerException.class)
Don't report null pointer warnings in synthetic methods
fix problems with handling of nested zip archives
More tweaks to detecting name collisions
Replacing non-ASCII characters with the unicode escape sequence.
reduce memory requirements for jnlp
Various updates to findbugs test cases
remove userAnnotations packages
new annotations for FindBugs test cases
clean up FindBugs warnings
formatting
clean up FindBugs warnings
Tweaks to dead local store detector
lower priority for number constructors called with constants outside of the range of values that get interned
make CheckExpectedWarning check for DesireWarning and DesireNoWarning
fix false positive in DM_USELESS_THREAD detector
clean up FindBugs warnings
formatting
lookup appropriate annotations for return values of to synthetic getter access$ methods
Make sure we don't push bug patterns beyond rank 20
update expected warnings
use interprocedural analysis in type qualifier analysis Sort methods by call graph Use all self method calls for sorting call graph
Give better feedback about unexpected warnings
visit methods in call order
report EC_INCOMPATIBLE_ARRAY_COMPARE when using equals to compare incompatible arrays Provide more information on EC warnings
refactoring to separate GUI, cloud and core FindBugs code
improvements to detector and package dependency tests
clean up findbugs warnings
renamed some packages, tried to make things a little cleaner
tweak bug rank
add test cases for  Patch 2827580 Nullness annotation checks fail with bridge methods
Apply patch 2827580 Nullness annotation checks fail with bridge methods
Removed findbugs.bat  
Apply patch 2829771 Various build fixes  A bunch of things rolled together.  1. Remove the bin directory from source control and add to svn:ignore. Move bin/findbugs.bat to src/scripts/standard/findbugs.bat (can run dos2unix on it so it is nicely editable for everyone). Delete bin on clean, and when building, fix up CRLFs on *.bat.  2. Set an explicit encoding for src/junit since two files use  in ISO-8859-1 encoding, and you get a warning from the compiler if your system encoding is UTF-8 (true of a typical Linux installation).  3. Use includeantruntime="false" to avoid accidentally dumping Ant JARs in your compiler classpath. Introduce ${ant.core.lib} (i.e. ant.jar) in the one place it is actually wanted.  4. Fix two source files which do not compile under JDK 7's javac. See http://www.netbeans.org/nonav/issues/show_bug.cgi?id=163763 for background. The fix is innocuous in this case, but if after reading the description given above you still think the code ought to compile according to the JLS, best to file it on bugs.sun.com.  BTW it is also possible to just delete the nbproject directory if you use http://wiki.netbeans.org/AutomaticProjects to work with the project in NetBeans. Just install that plugin, use File > New Project > Java > Automatic Project to start, select FB source tree root, and when opened press F11 to build and pick a target (default of 'build' seems to work well). No need to maintain any NB-specific "freeform" project metadata (the current version of which is in fact wrong).  
Apply patch 2807092 Extended start script for Windows   Please find attached a start script to perform various FindBugs features from Command line. There are a number of scripts available to run on Unix, but those are not available for Windows. I have modified existing findbugs.bat to be able to run same functions are available with Unix scripts.  The difference is: I did not create all scripts separately, but added command line options handling into one script. Different start class is selected depending on the options. Here are the options:  -addMessages (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.AddMessages) -computeBugHistory (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.Update) -xmltotext (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.PrintingBugReporter) -copyBS (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.CopyBuggySource) -defectDensity (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.DefectDensity) -filterBugs (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.Filter) -listBugDatabaseInfo (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.ListBugDatabaseInfo) -mineBugHistory (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.MineBugHistory) -printAppVersion (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.PrintAppVersion) -printClass (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.PrintClass) -rejar (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.RejarClassesForAnalysis) -setInfo (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.SetBugDatabaseInfo) -unionBugs (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.UnionResults) -xpathFind (edu.umd.cs.findbugs.workflow.XPathFind)
1.3.8-rc1 if everything goes well overnight
fix encoding
remove unused code
add some nullness annotations
fix application of build script
removing bin directory
No longer release candidate
Fix 2 bugs in 2 BugRanker methods:  - priority parameter was ignored (in some rank methods)  - non-core plugin bug rankers were ignored (in some rank methods) 
Adding expected results for some test cases.
Adding expected results for some test cases.
Adding expected results for some test cases.
Fixed computation of the field source line number. The line reported by the scanner was wrong due to the incomplete source retrieved from JDT (we've got it only for the current member, NOT for the entire CU). This bug was visible for FB warnings where FB did NOT reported line numbers, but just field/type names.
Trying to guard us against JDT core exceptions during the marker generation. Still has to be understood WHY/HOW it can happen...
Ok, better fix for "not reported" source lines: always generate line info > 0. The root cause seems to be wrong reporting of a bug class: the field (A.protectedField) of interest is located in the base class A, but the bug is reported for the inherited class B, so JDT can't find source info for the field B.protectedField.
Adding expected results for some test cases.
fix for NPE
update release procedure
add fix for bug 2831873
don't complain about non-serializable comparators that are inner classes
Better error msgs
bug fix
Fix bug in checks for inlined finally blocks
ready for rc2
fix warnings about being unable to connect to cloud
Ready for 1.3.9?
not quite ready; need to work on change list
Check to see if plugin supports claims
If name capitalization differs only in first letter, lower priority
Improve fix for naming confusion involving a method defined in a super class with an name using a different case
Make logic for NM_WRONG_PACKAGE follow that of NM_VERY_CONFUSING
Provide 1.3.9 changelist
ready for 1.3.9
Fix problem with expected results for puzzler
Updates changes
Update version number
Adding expected results for some test cases.
add more bugs
update build file
Code for work on ICSE10 paper
various optimizations and cleanups
more test cases
Add checks that keys and values for Hashtable and Properties are nonnull
specify @CheckForNull for value parameter of UIDefaults.put
add nonnull annotation for DOM element attribute values
Update version number
Check that we are doing the right thing for hashtable and properties nullness

treat explicit null check same as exception edge
Add method to get previous location
Ignore checked casts if they don't change the type
Code reformatting
revert back; removing thrown checked exception not compatible
reformatted
Prune doomed locations so that we report the earlest location where a value is known null and doomed (prune strictly predominated nodes, rather than postdominated nodes)
fix method names
performance optimization
formatting tweak
don't consider calls to stub methods
add some annotations
add METHOD_COMPUTED_IN role for methods
allow filters to specify a role
Allow a local variable with an unknown variable name to be matched to one with a known variable name
If a class has stub methods, it isn't treated as an application class
Clean up logic for xml merging of bug collections
provide toString method for better debugging
Add nonnull annotations for DateFormat
added @DottedClassName annotations
centralize reporting of missing classes
added @DottedClassName annotations provided getClassDescriptor method to MissingClassException
centralize reporting of missing classes
Mark ACONST_NULL as a constant value. But we don't merge all the value numbers, because we also use that for tracking sources of values
Don't force initialization of System.Properties unless we need to
Look in super classes if needed to find referenced XMethod
formatting Allow multiple property databases to be merged
report missing class via Analysis context
fix indentation
If there is a unique null value source, add it to result
ensure that CalledMethods gets run before FindNullDerefs
If we can't resolve a class, it isn't an application class
write access flags for properties if we have them
update JDK models
more bug ideas
More test cases

store additional info in cloud db
add additional information about source of value
check for wait/notify on things that support await

Some additional type refinements
more bug ideas
get rid of debugging output
get rid of warning about weird generic parameters 
provide some better debugging info
correctly handle Iterator<?>.next: should generate return type of Object, not ?
Handle the fact that some classes have more subtle generic type structures
add warning when listing of superclasses is incomplete
Restrict entrySet type inferences to java.util. classes
More bug ideas
provide access to information about which types are inferred from generics but not guaranteed
Look for comparing a String with an Object, or an Integer and an Object, for reference identity
Make use of which types of inferred from generics
fix NPE
handle NullType
Bugfix: Fall back to checking BugRankers of all loaded plugins when a BugInstance has no detector(factory) associated with it.  Background: When loading a bug collection from disk (XML report), BugInstance has no detectorFactory set, and thus findRank(BugInstance) wouldn't check any non-core plugin for any BugRank adjustments. This is obviously not ideal if a BugInstance's pattern is reported by a non-core plugin which is currently loaded, i.e. if that plugin is very likely to provide a useful bug rank adjustment.  Since we don't have a bug pattern -> plugin map at runtime yet, this fix just iterates over all loaded plugins (usually a small number) to look up their bug rankers.  
Bugfix: "File bug" was failing in some cases when the bug reporting URL was too long to be processed by the bug system / browser.  The previous fallback code would still result in a too long URL when getBugReportHead() would be too long by itself, which occurred for us quite often. The new fallback code is more aggressive and moves almost all information to the supplemental dialog window if necessary.  
provide examples of bug patterns

Update bug patterns
findbugs test cases needs Java 1.6
add test case for BIT_SIGNED_CHECK 
fix examples
add test case for source forge bug 2897424
fix BIT_SIGNED_CHECK check; was missing cases involving ints
Add test case (no bugs found) for bug 2893375
handle filter for rank
Don't hardcode designation name
add test case for source forge bug 2898106
Add test for ClassName.extractPackagePrefix.
Add test case for bug 2874036 (no bugs found)
Example code for bug 2893480
Fix typo in description for BIT_ADD_OF_SIGNED_BYTE description (bug 2861957)
Fix sorting problem in UserAnnotationsView (bug 2906319). Not sure how to test that this fixes the problem, but seems like an obvious & harmless fix.
Add sample code for bugs 2843665, 2876945, 2888644
Add sample code for bug 2843453 which crashes reproducibly.
Allow bugrank.txt to have a blank line at the end of the file. Patch provided in bug 2869467
Unhide the CheckExpectedWarnings
add options for debugging code
add (get/set)RowId to the set of methods that take a columnIndex as a parameter
throw the correct exception if we call next() on a NullIterator
update systemProperties in jnlp jar file
add description for AtomicityProblem
improve the atomicity problem detector
Fix for sourceforge bug 2843453  Internal Findbugs error when extending FileOutputStream
Only signal BIT_SIGNED_CHECK_HIGH_BIT if _only_ the high bit is set
add reported warnings for CheckExpectedWarnings
clean up 
don't bother checking for parameters that are always dereferenced unless the parameter is a reference parameter
cleanup
synthesize a package-info file if none found
decrease priority if bit being checked is a low bit Systematically handle flipped bit masks
Allow nullness annotations to be applied to unresolved methods Add nullness annotations for ConcurrentMaps
provide options to purge or upload designations
If a parameter is marked as nonnull, don't complain about the fact that all the methods which are invoked actually dereference the parameter
separate out the various cases here
proposed fix for bug 2888644
Make ExceptionSet.clear reset size to 0. Fixes bug 2846510
Sample code for bugs 2843625 and 2910862
Potential fix for Bug 2876526
Fix for Bug 2893480, and some general tuning of serization idiom detector
Applied patch for Bug 2911925:   eclipse plugin ignores CPE_CONTAINER classpath entries
Add -auxclasspathFromInput option, to read auxclasspath entries from standard in rather than a command line option
Automatically use auxclasspathFromInput option when aux classpath is over 100 chars long
Create trunk/sandbox/appEngineCloud folder 
Commit initial FB Cloud app for Google App Engine in trunk/sandbox/appEngineCloud
update default timeout to 20 minutes
Revert testing ground to something simple
added test case for RFE2891944
added more test cases
Apply patch for UnionBugs2 to allow it to work with Ant 1.6.5 - applies patch from bug 2907327
clarify message about infeasible branch (rather than infeasible path)
Applied patch 2907326  Currently the output of the FilterBugTask is generated by redirecting stdout, which might lead to additional text content (like "Picked up _JAVA_OPTIONS ...") in the xml file which makes the xml file invalid. The attached patch fixes this by suppling the ouptput file as a normal command line parameter.
disable patch until we understand performance problems better
notify bug observers
Always close reader
fix NPE warning
Submit new BigDecimal constructor detector in TestingGround
Test cases for BigDecimal detector (for RFE 2891944)
Add documentation for the Cloud interface
Initial import.
add first version of app engine cloud client
a number of tweaks to cloud API provide first pass of Google AppEngine authentication
priority tweaking
priority tweaking
Add appEngineCloudProtocol
Initial checkin of Google Protocol Buffer based Cloud, running on App Engine.  Currently implemented: initial sync on client, partially implemented on server (no uploading issues yet). Not integrated with FindBugs at all, not sure how this will work given current Eclipse project setup.  Cloud client has 83% JUnit test coverage, server has 93%.
Add support for uploading issues to server. Also made the find-issues command split queries up into blocks of 10 hashes at a time (to keep queries short).
Initial support for evaluations on the appEngineCloud server. Evaluations are now included in the response to the /find-issues/ request, and new evaluations can be retrieved via /get-evaluations/<time>. Uploading evaluations is not yet supported. Servlet is at 93% test coverage.
add checks for equals methods that perform direct comparisons to arrays
Add debugging toString method for PreorderVisitors
Add method to get signature for a class descriptor, checking for arrays
add shortcut when descriptors are equal
declare METHOD_ALTERNATIVE_TARGET
make addType handle adding an array type
Clean up code for app engine lookup
add annotations abvout dotted class names
check for equals methods that allow direct comparisons to arrays
add check for new BigDecimal(0.1) and related problems
bug fix
fix for sourceforge bug  EQ_UNUSUAL with EqualsBuilder and excluded fields ID: 2922917
add test case
tweak serialization idiom priorities back closer to what they had been in 1.3.9
More priority tweaking
don't call ClassName.fromSignature; method is confused
Add utility methods for making small hash maps/sets from other maps/sets
provide switch for disabling resurrections
various memory performance tune ups
update protobuffer definitions
Begin bringing app engine cloud client & server up to date after proto changes. Authentication is half implemented.
several tweaks to get ready for deployment
Convert eclipse project dependency to jar dependency for now
Attempt to fix servlet path bug
/find-issues is a POST, not a get use PathInfo, not ServletPath
define a constant for host
memory optimizations
provide YourKit hooks when profiling
added DMI_BIGDECIMAL_CONSTRUCTED_FROM_DOUBLE
various memory tweaks
Replace 1.6-compatible protobuf jar with 1.5-compatible. Also add jar generation script for Eclipse.
Replace 1.6 protobuf jar with 1.5 compatible jar. Fix PersistenceManagerFactory bug by uploading jdoconfig.xml.
delete generated appengine stuff
misc app engine cloud changes (1.5 compatibility etc)
memory tweaks
Initial evaluation uploading implementation
oops. submit changes to dbcloud.
More evaluation upload support
Finished (I believe) upload-evaluations command. Spent a lot of time wrangling with App Engine/JDO to get the relationship between SqlCloudSession, DbInvocation, and DbEvaluation right. App Engine does not currently support N-to-1 relationships, so the relationship between these 3 are now stored as Key objects which represent foreign keys.   Also added transactions to all commits, as this was causing freshness issues in tests that involve invoking the servlet multiple times to read & write from the DB.  Code coverage in FlybushServlet is down to 90% due to all the finally clauses... not sure how to test a failed transaction... might try to mock it.
add test cases
minor cleanups
better ways to break ties when we find SCC while doing a topological sort
fix findbugs warning
tweak to tie breaking for SCC
add test cases
fix for  Call to static Calendar - but has ReentrantLock - ID: 2926557
try to simplify the cloud interface
switch to ASM 3.2
update to asm 3.2
Finish evaluations upload support for app engine cloud
changed exported libraries
Test logic fix for sourceforge bug 2930744
add bugs
add test case
fix for sourceforge patch 2932869: NoClassesToAnalyzeException does not set errorProperty
Make FindBugs GUI periodically check the server for new evaluations.
Update protobuf jar for app engine server

add new com.google.*.Bind class as an Injection annotation
move junit to src/junit create separate output directory for junit class files
App Engine Cloud now uses the actual appengine-hosted cloud server.  Also, user annotations are now sent to the server in a background thread instead of the UI thread to prevent the UI from locking up while waiting for network I/O.
Change names of some HTTP commands to match proto buffers
Oops - commit change to app engine client test
Fix AppEngineCloud  Also add optimization flag for low-traffic Java apps on AppEngine
if an unwritten field has an unknown annotation, treat it as reflective
separate out some of the name lookup code
Move cloud reporting & summary to AbstractCloud. Also adds basic functional tests for printSummary.
Remove unused reference to Mockito in AbstractCloudTest
changes to how we figure out which user
reclassification and reranking
better error messages
Enable cloud debugging switch
sanity check timestamps
handle potential NPE
use the right method for getting first seen for a bug
fix for refactoring
new bug patterns
add check for volatile increment
fix references to asm 3.1
fix references to asm 3.1
Fix bug 2936184 ("Unwritten field (UWF_UNWRITTEN_FIELD) is found even if a private field is Annotated with @Autowired.")
Fix bug 2930366 - "Attempts to process the scala library/compiler jars end in an NPE at the very end of the line, but which stops findbugs cold. Attached patch inserts a check which allows it to complete."
Apply patch 2913551 - "AnalysisErrorDialog doesn't check for excessily long lines before adding them to the error message which can lead to hard to read messages that spill off the screen. This patch breaks lines up with a '\n' every 100 characters."
Patch 2883928 - Support for nested fileset elements in ant task  "I've added support for using nested <fileset> elements as well as individual <class> elements. This makes life a bit easier when there are a bunch of jar files to analyse.  I couldn't find the manual or unit tests for the Ant task so I haven't updated those."
Patch 2866053 - unionresults fails for more than 2 inputs  "the output file contains project information from at most the first two input files  Note, sorry the attachment isn't actually a patch - it is a corrected version of UnionResults  Note, that this broke since 1.3.7"
Add /log-out and /get-evaluations commands to App Engine Cloud server.
fix warnings
more work on cloud infrastructure fix warnings replace \n with %n in format strings
keeping up with evolving cloud API
change \n to %n in format strings
Change appengine cloud client & server to only account for most recent evaluation per person
add build.xml file for AppEngine cloud client
adding more stuff to support cloud plugin
more app engine plugin work
Initial code to allow user to file bugs via Google Code. May not work, will wait to test until Bill's plugin stuff is finished.
check for trailing / in plugin properties
fix XML
Fix AbstractCloudTest - accidentally didn't check in yesterday
clean up various warnings
Send correct firstSeen values to server
Remove AppEngine generated stuff from svn
Add IntelliJ project files. Uses Eclipse .classpath files for dependency management for all modules except app engine cloud server.
Fix dependency cycle accidentally added between findbugs project and AppEngineCloudClient project
Added @Override annotations
Resolve sourceforge bug 2941014: delete blank lines at beginning of file
fix cloud naming inconsistency
Start work to obfuscate bug instances
add code for Obfuscating bugs
set old instance hash
Add status messages during AppEngine Cloud client initialization. Upload bugs in the background. This required quite a bit of replumbing to get the status msg callback hooks added at the right time.
add test case
Clarify message to fix bug 2943090: DM_NEXTINT_VIA_NEXTDOUBLE with negative values
Make app engine cloud client remember previous session ID and try it without asking user to sign in.  Protocol buffer code now stores hashes in binary to reduce network bandwidth.  Client now checks hashes 30 at a time and shows progress while checking. The cloud server now includes 30 hashes in a query.
DbIssue now uses bug hash as its primary key. Made appengine cloud use "shortcut" for bulk item lookup by primary key. Currently doesn't work.
add assertion checking that encoding/decoding is an identity
Call BigInteger constructor that will always give nonnegative values
Move assertion, so that padding doesn't matter. Assert that the byte strings are equal.
Fix findbugs cloud client & server. Now seems to work and initial check is FAST! No longer forces bug hashes to be 32 chars. 
Remove all IntelliJ project files - next commit will re-add them
Ignore some IntelliJ output folders
Add more IntelliJ output folders to ignore list
Add working IntelliJ project files!
Update FindBugsTestCases IntelliJ project files
Remove IntelliJ workspace config from svn
Add workspace.xml to svn ignore
Split up log-in and find-issues command so no invocation data is written to the DB when searching for issues (for performance).  Also adds better error message for failed cloud init. Also adds command line property "appengine.local" to connect to a local appengine cloud.
Update IntelliJ project files to get App Engine Server deploying correctly. Also add artifact for AppEngineCloudProtocol.jar, an IntelliJ analogue to the Eclipse jardesc file
Optimize find-issues command.  Now only relevant fields are queried and sent over the wire. This is currently lastSeen, firstSeen, and the evaluations.  Also added request handler to delete ALL data from server, and a command line tool to do this. Need to remove this before releasing.  
Update IntelliJ run configurations for FindBugs GUI
IntelliJ project file changes
Improve find-issues performance by adding boolean field "hasEvaluations" to DbIssue. Seems that JDO doesn't store ANYTHING in DbIssue referring to its DbEvaluations, so even issue.getEvaluations().isEmpty() results in a query which takes at best 15ms. As there is no eager loading (JOIN) functionality in App Engine, this may be the best we can do - optimize for the case of an issue with zero evaluations.
Refactor App Engine server code. Split servlet into 3 servlets and split test into 3 tests.
Finish bug-filing support on both client & server. Currently only supports Google Code bug database. Needs polishing.
add two TODO comments for enhancements to bug link support
Store bug filing credentials between launches. Fix web.xml error that broke /get-recent-evaluations. Improve error logging during bug filing. Add GData javadoc URL's to .classpath.
Refactor App Engine Cloud plugin by extracting a helper class.
Move DBCloud source link property support up to AbstractCloud and add unit tests. This adds sourcelink support for app engine cloud.
Attempt to make background App Engine Cloud updates thread-safe - the cloud plugin now executes all write operations to BugInstances on the AWT event queue thread.
Use findbugs.sourceforge.net as OAuth Consumer Key
Make session ID's expire after 7 days
Initial implementation of "signed in as" notification in status bar. TODO: click to sign out
Make session expiration happen daily instead of every 5 minutes. Remove redundant precompilation flag from appengine-web.xml.
Fix strange problem in /log-out
Add support for signing out of findbugs cloud and controlling whether the session should be saved
Improve hash check performance by launching 10 threads.
Upload new bugs in parallel in 10 threads
Add better logging for find-issues and upload-issues
Priority tweaks to checking return values. Update default nullness annotations Start adding code to extract information about accessor methods 
improve variable naming; style issue only
added multiset functionality
add additional functionality to history commands
improve obfuscation, keeping track of instance hashes
fix default nullness annotations
Add support for retrieving bug status from google code tracker  Also fix issue where cloud summary doesn't show up if size tags are omitted from analysis xml file
Add stuff to svn:ignore
Checking in some initial work on JIRA bug filing. Not functional right now. Adds a few jars for SOAP support via Apache Axis 1.4.
new bug ideas including checks for I2L being used as an absolute time value

Made method parameter database methods more generic, so that it is easier to use them for other method parameters Added checks for use of 32 bit values to represent absolute moments in time (milliseconds since the epoc)
add test case
fix NPE
Add full support for filing bugs & checking bug status with JIRA. Still rough around the edges, but it works!
Fix classpath file
add generic types to constructor call
show that we are intentially ignoring the exception
Add generated-src to app engine cloud client sourcepaths
Initial support for OpenID login in appengine cloud. Replaces default google authentication code.
Fix App Engine Cloud server build - add dyuproject jars for OpenID authentication
Update appengine cloud auth tests to use OpenID
Store users by OpenID identity
IntelliJ project file changes
Improve usability of OpenID login page

Initial checkin for local appengine implementation. Got HSQL and DataNucleus JDO working, still working on jetty.
Remove HSQLDB lock file accidentally committed
change default max rank to 14
Add support for bulk download as CSV. See http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/wiki/AppEngineCloudBackup for details
Huge refactoring to enable running the appengine cloud as a standalone application using Jetty, HSQLDB, and DataNucleus. It seems to work!  The main differences between the codebases (appEngineCloud vs localCloud) are: - App Engine uses a proprietary Key object  Unfortunately there's a bit of code duplication necessary to get this working. This is because while JDO does allow for inheritance, the base class needs to provide the primary key - for some weird reason - and since in a few cases a Key is the primary key, we can't use a common base class. The web.xml is also duplicated, not sure if there's a way to share common aspects of a web.xml.  Still to do: - Make sure it builds in Eclipse - Create two sets of unit tests - Make Ant file to build it from command line - Make sure the HSQLDB saves and loads from disk correctly
Add invocation ID to invocation CSV file
Fix typo
IntelliJ run configuration change - set port back to 8080
remove unneeded import
Get local cloud building in Eclipse
Create IntelliJ build artifact for the local cloud distribution. Also make local cloud load JDO properties from config file.
Make cloud servlet testing classes abstract, and make copies for the local server & the AppEngine server. all pass!
Add Ant build file for generating local cloud server distro
Allow adding / removing source directories via File->Reconfigure. Fixes bug 2942851. Patch from SF user Grundlefleck.
Various changes to get this working in java webstart
handle problems if the executor is shut down
Fix false positive for FindUnrelatedTypesInGenericContainer when passing null as an argument to a method with a generic parameter. Bug 2951989. Patch from Michael Tamm.
Switch things over to use findbugs-cloud.appspot.com.  Fix classpath problem with local cloud (missing jar).  Add index.html that redirects to FindBugs Cloud info page.  Misc IntelliJ project updates.
Allow comments longer than 256 chars (local server via LONGVARCHAR) and 500 chars (appengine via Text datatype)
Stop uploading bugs with firstSeen values of 0
Disable auto-signin functionality on browser login page - always ask user for OpenID provider.
Don't require sign-in to view bugs. Sign-in now happens automatically when you make any changes. Server no longer requires session ID for /find-issues.
Don't require sign-in for /get-recent-evaluations
UI changes. Cleanups, removing borders, clarification of language...
Upgrade to App Engine 1.3.1
Add app.yaml to make bulk uploader work
Move license files to licenses/ so they don't clutter up my IDE project view :)
Add JUnit library to appengine cloud server (not sure how tests were being run before...)
Add ignores for bulk uploader log files.
Some changes to allow uploading entities in bulk from CSV file. Not complete yet, still talking with AppEngine devs to figure out how to handle the kinds of primary keys we use.
fix date
update build information
add code to check classfile version
Make sure GUI title gets updated
Show dialog asking about sign-in when performing write operations. Automatically sign in on startup if "automatically sign in" is checked, even if the user hasn't made any changes.
Add some debugging code
fix imports
reduce calls to getFirstSeen
start of some documentation on plugins
Add new command for updating firstSeen value for a given set of issues.
tweak bug ranks
change how plugin properties are set
update to allowing cloud properties in bug collections
moved annotations into core src directory
moved annotations into core src directory
Fix local cloud build in IntelliJ
Make App Engine protocol jar generate in new location (appEngineCloud/lib)
Make FindBugs GUI update bug timestamps when necessary. Happens after uploading new issues.
remove old GUI code
remove shutdown logging
Always show dialog asking about updating timestamps. Also remove debugging code that made it always ask. oops.
Update AppEngineCloudClientTest so all tests pass again!
extract BugFilingHelper class to cut down on AppEngineCloudClient code size
Convert "File bug" button to popup menu which allows user to file in JIRA or Google Code.
Update bulk uploader script to attempt to fix primary key issue. Doesn't work, waiting for response from google...
generate code for 1.5
fix dependency on Google App Engine Add @Override annotations
Switch to using BugLinkInterface
Implement interface for BugLinkInterface
Use simpler form of method call
Add firstSeen to sortables; make FirstVersion and LastVersion available only for multiversion bug collections
add First Seen to list of sortables Use First/Last version as sortable only for multiversion bug collections
When we write out a bug collection to xml with messages, write out cloud data as well
Remove NotSignedInException from public API. Convert bug link type to a string field. Allow bug link type to be set on command line. Remove bug link type popup menu.
updates to plugin loader
various cleanup efforts. Now almost easy to launch appengine plugin via JWS
updates, making it easier to launch appengine plugin
various changes so that we can now use a cloud on the command line
Misc changes - change IntelliJ config to copy *.db files to classes folder - fix typo in ZipFileCodeBase
Add IntelliJ run configuration for textui findbugs
Add method to wait until find-issues has completed. Also added some new unrelated tests for the cloud client code.
Add listener for find-issues completion and signin status change.
Improve test coverage in AppEngineCloudClient. Still only 65% (and 59% in AECNetworkClient)
Add test to make sure waitUntilIssueDataDownloaded returns immediately if data are already downloaded
Add test to make sure waitUntilIssueDataDownloaded returns immediately if data are already downloaded
Add test to make sure waitUntilIssueDataDownloaded returns immediately if data are already downloaded
Fix path problems in appEngineCloudClient/build.xml
Add appEngineCloud ant file
Make findbugs wait for cloud data before writing XML. Also adds a bunch more tests for app engine cloud client & abstract cloud, and moves some stuff from DBCloud to AbstractCloud.
Prevent upload of issues and timestamps when in text mode.
Rename new "initialize" method to something clearer
DetectorFactoryCollection now figures out the FindBugs Home when running in development without any findbugs jar in the classpath.
Update bug tree in GUI when cloud state changes (when find-issues returns, and upon signin/signout). Also adds code to make sure newly added default Sortables are merged with the user's saved list of Sortables.
clean up imports
Split App Engine Cloud client tests up into more manageable test cases
Add dependency checking inspection to ensure FindBugs has no dependencies on App Engine.
Clean up imports
Bugfix: Don't shut down the cloud connection prematurely in the MergeSummarizeAndView workflow.  Symptom: Could not interact with the cloud once the GUI is launched in MergeSummarizeAndView. E.g. it's impossible to store new bug evaluations.  As is: In case the GUI is launched, the GUI takes over ownership of the cloud connection and properly shuts down the connection when it's closed.  New: In the MergeSummarizeAndView workflow, don't shut down the cloud connection in case the GUI is launched successfully. 
Try removing flakiness from testWaitForIssueSyncReturnsBeforeUpload
Try removing flakiness from the rest of the callback tests
updates to allow for lazy communication
updates to allow for lazy communication
fix xsd
add tests for specifying clouds when running from ant
updates to allow for lazy communication
Make google code bug filer provide clearer error messages when an invalid bug tracker URL is specified. Also add a few basic tests for the class's bug filing method.  This includes a refactoring of BugFiler and related classes; I think BugFilingHelper could go away soon.
Move back to bugsPopulated not taking any arguments, and calling initiateCommunication to initiate communication. 
Make abstract test case abstract
Improve test coverage for bug filing functions in GoogleCodeBugFiler
eliminate need to load value number classes in order to load BugInstances
Add FindBugs.setNoAnalysis() to disable loading of detector classes Call that method from appropriate workflow methods
make bugsPopulated() calls implicit
don't give up on waiting for communication 
Allow max age to be specified
add more cloud filtering capabilities
An example jnlp file, showing loading of both the core libraries and the app engine libraries
remove debugging code
various fixes to cloud infrastructure
fix messages, @Override annotation
unit tests back to green
automate building of jnlp code
Working on bug filing code
clean up line breaks in descriptions
work on jnlp and plugins
allow clouds to be unregistered
allow clouds to be unregistered
add consensus Sortable add ability to get cloud report
working on bug filing code
fix test cases
code to upload evalutions from XML
More work on uploading stored evaluations in XML
Add constants for Options
Get tests passing
Add tests for new upload-evals-from-XML functionality. Also replaces latch-based impl with simply uploading the evals as part of the signin process.
Begin MockAppEngineCloudClient refactoring, moving towards more readable (& writable) tests. Also try to fix some flaky tests by replacing Thread.sleep with a latch or wait call.
Convert AppEngineCloudEvalsTests to use new ExpectedConnection utility.
fix various findbugs issues
Snapshot user evaluations before we connect to cloud
various changes for app engine cloud
don't set project cloud based on default cloud
Add email column to DbEvaluation
Branch Eclipse plugin into sandbox
Branch Eclipse plugin tests into sandbox
Escape new lines and carriage returns in string annotations
Remove effort and detector checkbox settings from sandbox eclipse plugin
Fix classpath problem in sandbox eclipse plugin
fixing up test cases 
hours spent to get test cases working
add GUI callback to execute task in GUI thread
Fix regression involving signed bytes cast to longs
allow the expectWarning annotations to specify whether it should match bug patterns or bug kinds
more test cases
update build file
Inline old Tiger substitute method Change how we escape \n and \r in StringAnnotations to be more compatible with previous uses 
Automatically sign out and show informative dialog when get-recent-evaluations fails.
Clean up tests a little
update eclipse prefs
Now uploads evaluations changed while offline!
provide more descriptive message about uploading XML designations
add VA_FORMAT_STRING_USES_NEWLINE bug pattern
When using a bug accumulator, silently ignore unequal bugs that have equal hashes
make getInstanceHash thread safe
Make bug accumulator smarter
Fix analysis imprecision effecting UR_UNINIT_READ_CALLED_FROM_SUPER_CONSTRUCTOR bug reports
Consolidate code for getting MD5 message digest
improve messages about synchronizing on shared objects
improvements to warnings about synchronization on shared objects
define VOLATILE_INCREMENT bug pattern
add code to differentiate all the TESTING issues being generated
make sure we update the xml files in the eclipse classes directory
Improved checking for bad mask
replace UNKNOWN issues with TESTING issues
improve messages for incomplete reports about actions while holding locks on shared constants
fix NPE
additional test cases
Tweaks to detecting bugs with masking high bit when converting from long to int
improve bug description
get rid of debugging statement
Eclipse plugin (new branch): Convert priority filter to rank filter
added test case for sourceforge issue Infinite Loop false negative cases - ID: 3000680
Add test case for false positive on Class.isInstance for equals() che - ID: 2984602
Fix for sourceforge bug 2984602: false positive on Class.isInstance for equals() check
If we see an if instruction where the target is the next instruction, just turn it into a pop instruction
Fix for sourceforge bug 2972613: 1.3.9 Crash with NPE ClassParserUsingASM$1$2.visitEnd
test case for False positive for source forge bug RCN_REDUNDANT_NULLCHECK_OF_NULL
add test case and fix for  sourceforge bug 2983950: map field is claimed to be non-serializable  Fixed by using field summary information
fix for sourceforge bug 3000680
fix sourceforge bug 3000680
test case and fix for sourceforge bug 2974855
fix for bug 2943090
partial fix for 3002347
Restore Priority filter UI in new eclipse plugin
Support IntelliJ nullness annotations (Patch 2998568)
Apply various UI changes from eclipse plugin branch.
fix for reinitialize
now talking to the cloud
export cloud
Add IntelliJ annotations jar as dependency for findbugsTestCases
partial bug for for sf bug 2877962; GC_UNRELATED_TYPES does not work on chained expressions
test case 

Fix broken build - Eclipse plugin tests
Look at invoked methods to see if any are bridge methods
fix problem with computation of bridge signatures
Begin implementing GuiCallback for eclipse plugin.
test case
remove debugging information
better information about bridge methods
use path refid for classpath
Add helpful info to Filter Files tab of Eclipse plugin prefs
Add status bar component showing FindBugs Cloud sign-in status. Also adds popup menu when you click. Not sure this is the best way to do this, the status bar only shows when the cursor is in the editor itself...
Fix exported packages
replace unsupported methods with methods that just print to standard out for now Fix NPE
Fix problems with build.xml; all joda and intelliJ libraries 
Fill in some more methods in EclipseGuiCallback
Load findbugs-resolutions.xml via getResource
Load findbugs-resolutions.xml via getResource
fix validation errors
Don't confuse type variables for actual types
Add cloud selector to Eclipse project settings box.  Also move status bar signin status box to the User Annotations view.
obsolete





finish renaming
finish renaming
added build.xml file
updated build.xml file
clean out old junk
Get cloud stuff building (& tests passing) in Eclipse after moving stuff out of sandbox.
Fix project file for appengine server
updates for allowing plugins to be distributed with eclipse plugin
update some cloud descriptions
add relSourcePath to schema for SourceLine
replace \n with %n in format string
fixed descriptions
fix findbugs warnings
display tweaks
various memory optimizations updates to use newest version of BCEL
provide better error reporting for arithmetic exceptions
Perform type merger of return values when seeing multiple potential targets
Fix typo in messages.xml (patch 3001905)
Patch 3000167 applied - fix for UnionResults
Update japanese messages (from orihalcon's patch 2981098)
Remove double quotes from BugCode entries in French messages xml, to fix JavaScript problems in generated HTML output
Fix exception in AbstractCloud when in non-US locale (patch 2991829)
Patch 1727777 - ignore private fields for static calendar detector
Add testcase for RFE 2958584
Add shared Eclipse run configurations for some unit tests and stuff.
Make appengine cloud client trigger issue-updated event when submitting new annotation.
Make Eclipse plugin more usable.  - now loads correct cloud on startup, instead of requiring re-run of FindBugs - shows signed in username - bug annotation view updates when bug updates received from server - submits annotation/comment changes in background thread and less frequently
Two small changes to eclipse plugin - rename Bug User Annotations tab - & clean up cloud listeners when the tab is closed
Clean up listeners upon disposal of SigninStatusBox
Implement an initial stats page for cloud server. Currently shows partly-broken evals-per-user chart.
Update IntelliJ project to reflect moved sandbox projects
Fix webCloudProtocol classpath - remove findbugs dependency
Add more graphs to findbugs-cloud.appspot.com/stats
Merge eval-by-user bar charts. Add grid lines.
Expand timeline chart - add new cumulative stats chart
Add evaluators-per-issue histogram
Start adding user-specific graph page. Not finished yet...
Provide better toString method for FieldDescriptor
Allow cloud plugins to be disabled
don't load analysis classes when invoking main method of PrintingBugReporter
fix FB NP warning
Report on public/protected unwritten fields
Misc IntelliJ project file changes
Add datastore index required for user-specific stats page
Add IntelliJ artifact file for local cloud
Update even more IntelliJ project files
Add per-user graphs for good. Some issues remain..
disable dev cloud
Improve per-user graphs. Handle error condition.
Refactorings, nicer names for SigninState
Refactorings, nicer names for SigninState
new bug idea
Fix missing commit for refactoring
More bug ideas
add additional test cases add guava to the libraries used
treat annotations on varargs parameters specially
add more ordering requirements for field item summary
add a plugin that uses the db cloud and user name from System.getProperties
fix xsd for findbugs.xml
bring the old db cloud stuff up to head
make improvements in how we collect bug annotations to display in a message window Discard synthetic source line annotations when reading them from XML
break out separate bug patterns for public/protected unread/unwritten/unused fields
Provide more helpful error messages
Bug fix. May have bug instance with all unknown source annotations
Make project stats available
Add public void readXML(@WillClose Reader in) to BugCollection interface
be consistent about computing class stats from primarySource or primaryClass (use primarySource) Allow class annotations with explicit source files to be specified
Never add a null bug annotation, even if we are missing a prime method
fix setPluginList
Allow for detectors to declare their own special types
move MergeSummarizeAndView to src/java; add -cloud option
allow for cloud plugins to be hidden
delay db connection until we initiate communication
add srcJar target use new version of svnant
stick with mysql-connector-java-5.1.7-bin.jar dependency for now
when asked to provide a value source for an OpcodeStack item, provide a StringAnnotation or IntAnnotation is the value is constant
don't include classfiles of more than one megabyte when rejaring for analysis
allow TestingGround2 as well as TestingGround
fix xml
Add per-package graph to main page
Add labels to per package graph
Add issue count to per-package graph
Update IntelliJ project file for guava
Add subpackages graph and subpackage tree
Show recent transactions per user.
allow for OpcodeStack bug detectors with custom item types and jump info
Show recent transactions per package
Show classname in evals table
Add evaluation counts for parent package and current package on per-package page
Update to App Engine 1.3.4 and enable AppStats! http://findbugs-cloud.appspot.com/appstats/
Improve type merging for generic types
fix generic type
Don't complain if we see / 0 or % 0 in OpcodeStack; it is a natural result of iterative analysis
Add primaryClass field to DbEvaluation. Also convert all comment fields to the new format and delete the old value. I don't think this will remove the column from App Engine's Data Viewer, not sure how to do that.
Fix Generic signature parser to allow for thrown exceptions
Remove all unnecessary uses of dbEval.getIssue().getPrimaryClass(). Speeds up per-user and per-package stats page load by about 50%!
add some temporary logging to understand some use cases
add test case for method signatures that list generic thrown exceptions
fix to handle additional generic types for classes
Add "packages" field to DbEvaluation - a set of all package names to which the issue belongs, recursively. Also adds a new index. This speeds up the stats page immensely.
added test cases
Reorder some msgs to put location last make sure that when the user asks for abridged messages, they get them
better error messages
better error messages
add org.apache.tapestry5.annotations.Persist to the list of injection annotations
If a missing class name ends with ;, then it is a signature and not a classname
better error msg
fix some problems in type merging of generic types
move shouldVisitClass up to BytecodeScanningDetector
Show context in gui bug panel
Priority tweak; if the field is only set to null, lower priority
Allow for arbitrary subtypes of HashMap and HashSet
Allow for String annotations that are pure messages
don't show hidden cloud plugins
better messages for bad syntax for regular expressions
add test case for regular expressions with flags, making sure we generate correct msgs
fix property for STRING_ERROR_MSG
If we can't find the localization of a message, include both the key and the message in the result
reformating
For simple cases, we don't look to look at anything other than the local class information to compute instanceOf
dead code cleanup 
improve error messages
allow {1,simpleClass} to request the simple class name associated with a method/field
improving ability to launch via exec
priority tweak for junit assertions in run method
Applied (reviewed) patch for the issue: "eclipse plugin ignores CPE_CONTAINER classpath entries - ID: 2911925"
Fixed various issues related to the new code in Bug Comments view (cursor not disposed, NPE if cloud is not set)
Renamed "Comments" view to "Bug Comments", as we are not alone who can have comments in Eclipse. Added view to the FB perspective.
Re-activated detector and effort configuration. Not sure why it was removed (again: see http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=12131), as this is the only way to configure advanced FB settings from Eclipse/verify what is enabled/disabled.
Fixed FB warnings
be sure to set project and bug collecition after loading it
get rid of sawOffset - hold over from bytecode compression work, not usable in analysis framework
add visitAfter(Code) method
Show cloud name in bug explorer
Configuration: Don't apply cloud change until user clicks OK
Update bug explorer labels upon changing cloud settings in Properties.
better error messages for message format errors
define ClassAnnotation.RECOMMENDED_SUPERCLASS_ROLE allow simpleName or simpleClass for class annotation
better error messages
fix message for DMI_CALLING_NEXT_FROM_HASNEXT
Add maybeMutated when open to Filter
test cases!
further refine maybeMutate to include only program points where issues both appeared and disappeared
more checking for consistency of reported warnings by detectors
remove support for original GUI2 project files (directory based); not used or tested Allow GUI to select .xml.gz files Add more debugging output
Removed old (old, old) GUI2 project files (directory based) Moved from on/off to acquire/release for "Please wait"  
more work on desktop integration and launching browser
Some more tweaks for launching browser via exec
provide end source line parameter for source links
added findbugs.launchBrowser.debug=true option to debug problems with launching browsers
Re-activated detector and effort tests
Fixed compilation issue on Eclipse 3.4 and below (SWT.SHEET style bit was introduced in 3.5).
Fixed NPE on "Apply" if no FB run was started. Fixed default cloud selection. Set default cloud to "Local", if nothing is set in system props. Fixed "Apply Defaults".
Fixed most of the broken tests due the change of the default bug rank value (bug rank must be set to 20 for tests). Some minor fixes to see what is going during the test.
Made constructor not protected to allow CloudFactory.createCloudWithoutInitializing() create a new instance of this cloud. Otherwise we have exceptions while loading bugs from existing xml's from Eclipse
Removed unneeded files
All Eclipse tests are green again. Set browser to /dev/null to avoid crashes on Eclipse 3.4 and 64 bit Ubuntu (3.6 is fine).
Fix "Filter These Bugs" when Bug Rank is among the sort columns. Bug 3028973
Sample code for bug 3019763
Sample code for RFE 2950699
Add sample code for RFE 3026970
Add toString methods for DetectorFactory
fix reporting of bug status for DBCloud
add JUnit test
add new bug patterns
allow ExpectWarning et. all to just specify either a bug pattern or code; the strings for doing so should be distinct.
If we can't clear security manager, try to keep going
Try an alternative method for loading resources that is not as dependent on URLClassLoaders
Handle classloaders that rewrite URLs
More netx javaws debugging
More netx javaws debugging
more debug msg fine tuning
More netx javaws debugging
handle sql drivers not loaded by system class loader
handle sql drivers not loaded by system class loader
correct bug data in summary report; only report on bugs that are filed
get rid of some debugging code
don't update redoAnalysis menu item if no analysis available
fix logic for showing tree card
catch illegalArgumentException when looking for missing bug code
Allow user to change cloud setting in Swing UI even when no classes are specified as part of the project.
Re-add Cloud.overallClassificationIsNotAProblem - used by Hudson - for backwards compatibility
Fix exception caused by trying to add to Arrays.asList return value
don't report issues on volatile fields in non-application classes
don't complain about unlisted experimental bug patterns
report unclosed ZipFiles and JarFiles Fix bug 3031882
fix bug 3031977 Don't complain about SIC for anonymous classes that copy in final local variables
fix 3030669: analysis errors when running with effort:min
implement DBCloud.waitUntilIssueDataDownloaded() 
added debugging code
more debugging code
more debugging code
more debugging information
more debugging code
If method return type isn't a reference type, skip all the fancy checks
provide open world option for method call invocation
Add means of getting at hard-coded cloud-related properties in findbugs.xml analysis file, using the FindBugs API. notAProblem, consensus, ageInDays, etc.
fix stupid type analysis bug
get rid of confusing, unused field
change to default of open world assumption
Move XmlProps stuff to exclusively be handled by BugCollectionStorageCloud. Add a test for roundtrip load/save to analysis XML.
more debugging output, working on error in type analysis
relax findInvocationLeastUpperBound
exceptions no longer thrown
move check for isInstance before we bail out for non-reference return values
make special kinds propagate through casts and boxing/unboxing
Update IntelliJ project files
Write out reviews, consensus, and firstSeen no matter whether withMessages is specified or not.
Update unit tests for withmessages change
Add tests to ensure BugInstance writes correct attributes to XML depending on withMessages flag
make more opcode stack information move transparently through boxing/unboxing method calls
If we generate a warning about incompatible values being compared, don't also generate one about comparing values by reference
be smarter about deciding when a class has a very funky equals method
Update messages_ja.xml from bug 3018621 attachment
Add adjustPriority attribute to Ant task (RFE 3025746)
With each week that passes, the FindBugs Cloud Stats timeline graph's date labels become more and more cluttered. This shortens the label from xx/xx/xx to x/x, only showing the year once per year shown on the graph.
Oops - update stats page unit test
a new sortable on bug status in GUI
add null pointer check
fix Bug_Status isAvailable check
fix indentation
visibility change
Stop cloud status box from disappearing when you resize the Bug Comments view in Eclipse plugin
allow plugins to supply their own strong evidence of serializability
Allow property source for property view to be taken from the original view if the current active view is "Bug Comments"
Be more persistent about using specialKinds based on signatures
allow bugrank.txt files to specify multiple bug patterns on a line
tweak javadoc
allow specification of findbugs.maxRank property
Attempt to begin refactoring MainFrame. Creates two helper classes, organizes fields & methods...and still works!
For opcode stack detectors, use better information to provide information about invoked method For misuse of unhashable structures, give invoked method rather than class invoked on
Extract non-FindBugs-GUI-specific parts of MainFrame's GuiCallback - for use in IntelliJ plugin.
update jFormatString
add -maxRank and -summarizeLowRank options to convertXmlToText
improve messages, classification
fix problem where the saved GUI state could contain a sortable that wasn't available with the current cloud
remove unused method
shorten redundant path information
Misc improvements to Eclipse plugin  - Bug Comments view now goes blank when a bug is de-selected (to be consistent with Eclipse properties view) - Default FindBugs perspective now shows Properties alongside Bug Comments
Add logging to evaluation upload on FB Cloud
Add "cloud task" concept - for Eclipse/IntelliJ "background task" integration for things like signin, find-issues, upload issues, etc.
Remove appstats filter - seems to be causing 500 errors on the appengine server
Fix tests for cloud task update
Misc changes to cloud task API
Make Eclipse plugin show cloud tasks as Eclipse background jobs. Yay!
Fixed for changes in rev 12407: NPE in bug navigator if selection does not contain any valid marker. Updated javadoc.
Another fix for changes in rev 12407: no chance to switch to bug details in the property view anymore
Added missing (removed?) site-candidate/site-daily files. The build was impossible without these files, no idea why they were missing.
Do not download internet on a build if local property is set
Fix for broken selection of different bugs in the same file, if selection is triggered by double click on the bug and java editor were already opened before.
improve bug comments tab behavior when user switches between Views.
Set default rank threshold to 20
max of normal priority for invocaton of private methods
parameters of private methods don't inherit scoped annotations
change command line parameters for summarizing low rank issues
remove test classes from jFormatString
note that getPackageName returns a dotted class name
List number of copied files
Enable bug label decorator for Explorer per default
If we don't have enough sortables, sort by primary source line annotation
get rid of some generation of incomplete bug patterns
raise priority of dead stores to local variables if those local variable shadow a field
fix @ExpectedWarning declarations
add more test cases
priority tweaks
Add plugin bugreporter decorators Clean up some findbugs warnings Add cloud synchronization to findbugscheck
Adjustments to cateogy and ranking for DLS_DEAD_LOCAL_STORE_SHADOWS_FIELD  
Add plugin bugreporter decorators Clean up some findbugs warnings Add cloud synchronization to findbugscheck
Fix typo causing false negative in MS_MUTABLE_HASHTABLE detector. Bug 3047510
Changes to Ant build files. Now builds mondo jar for webCloudClient.
Add webCloudClient-full.jar to findbugs/plugins...
Add test case for bug 3049405
Add findbugs default encoding detector. From Robin Fernandes's RFE 3038389. Thanks Robin!  This also makes a small change to
oops...thought I submitted this as part of the last change
Misc cloud changes, mostly motivated by attempting to improve IntelliJ UI
Improve error message during zip file code base exception (still not sure what causes the error)
IntelliJ project updates
Try reducing size of MainFrame.java - extracted tree code into new class
Cut MainFrame.java down to 1,640 lines. Huge improvement from 3,800 a few months ago!
MainFrame.java now a slightly manageable 1,100 lines!
Use localized cloud signin status strings. Also show tooltips.
decrease logging verbage
priority tweaks for IntCast2LongAsInstant
ensure that rank is positive
more bug ideas
don't report XSS warnings for text/plain output
get rid of unused field
some tweaks to find more warnings about comparing Strings using ==
enhance the suppress decorator so that it can suppress all issues except those in a particular category
adjust priority for ES_COMPARING_STRINGS_WITH_EQ
add edu.umd.cs.findbugs.bugReporter.SelectivelySuppressI18N decorator remove EqStringTest detector
adjust category and bug rank for DM_DEFAULT_ENCODING
allow files that are normally found in the plugin directory to be specified via -pluginList Various cleanup
add some additional logging/debugging code
get rid of unused variable
fix infinite recursive loop move code for loading a core resource into the DetectorFactoryCollection, which is where it should have been
fix various initialization ordering issues; still a problem with using -pluginList for textui; SystemProperties is consulted before the DetectorFactoryCollection is initialized
add -justListOptions as hidden textui option for debugging purposes; just lists parsed options
more work on ordering constraints and -pluginList
rename SuppressionDecorator
rename SuppressionDecorator
fix NPE
add MaxRank14 as an example BugReporterDecorator
fix error msg
optionally allow +name for -bugReporters list
better error handling
add some debugging code for bug rankers
always load detector factory meta data from plugin
better error msgs
if noAnalysis, don't create a detectorCreator
pass className into DetectorFactory so we can get className even if we haven't loaded the detector class
more guards against NPE
also copy .txt files from plugins to jnlp directory
removed cloud plugin
Do not generate bugs on JUnit code
Enable automatic FB analysis on save in FB Eclipse project
Build optimization - set properties to skip execution of already executed "antcall" targets on "full" build, some dependencies management.
Fix for bug 2787728 - store filter paths platform independent. Additionally remember last used directory for the filter dialogs.
Fix for bug 3046886 - allow filter files be stored relative to the workspace (e.g. if they are located in a different project).
Consistency: set default .fbprefs location for new projects to be inside the default Eclipse project settings folder (.settings/.fbprefs). Added reminder for old projects that the default location should be used.
Fix for bug 3040465 - warn user that "Project->Build Automatically" option is unset (and there are probably no classes to analyse).
New (small) feature: added context menu on project to open FB analysis results xml in the Eclipse editor.
Fix for issue 3054146: we filter too much. Different bugs from the same method and same type have equal hashes, as they do not include source line info to the hash calculation. So we must compare source lines to to avoid too much filtering.
patch from 2891041: do not analyze derived "source" folders because they probably contain auto-generated classes
Don't complain about String.replaceAll("."," ")
add Type annotations
GUI performance improvements
show prime field in annotations for message
don't treat ConcurrentMap as returning @CheckForNull values; might be used in a situation where there are no concurrent removals
tweak msgs and bug rank
New bug pattern: JML_JSR166_CALLING_WAIT_RATHER_THAN_AWAIT
only list the top class profiles that total up to 50% of the total time
Adopted patch 2999062 to implement features 2818893 and 2855997: now we allow user to choose which marker type (INFO/WARNING/ERROR) should be generated for which bug priority (LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH). Default is WARNING for all (compatible with the old style). This can be set per project or globally.
exporting more plugin packages as requested by 2974281
Recognize private inner classes Don't propagate package annotations to private inner classes except for public/protected methods
don't complain about lazy initialization in static initializers
exporting soe findbugs packages as requested by 2974281
change experimental to rank 18
recategorize issues about using Do_privledged to be malicious code
lower priority for calling start in constructor if it is the last thing down and there are no subclasses
Only report start in constructor if constructor is public or protected
fix priority adjustment for DEREFS_IN_CATCH_BLOCKS
More information error msg
cleanup
increase priority for raw threads
more bug ideas
Provide findbugs-csr, which syncs issues to database, uploads new issues, updates firstSeen, and prints stats
Better handling of projects with purged class or project stats
Better handling of projects with purged class or project stats
Possible fix for bug #3056289 (false positive on singleton assignment in constructor). Do not report bugs for the code "if(singleton == null) singleton = this;" or "if(singleton != null) throw Exception else singleton = this;"
Better handling of projects with purged class or project stats
Better handling of projects with purged class or project stats
add separate -cloudSummary option to findbugs-csr
increase to 7 digits
Fixed NPE in action while running multiple jobs and starting next FB jobs at same time.
fix findbugs warnings 
fix xsd to allow for cloud messages
fix findbugs warnings 
fix findbugs warnings 
fix findbugs warnings 
don't complain to writes of static fields if we know the field is null
fix/add test cases
New (small) feature: allow to run FB analysis on working sets.
New (small) feature: show some previously hidden FB workspace preferences and allow user to change them easily.
decrease eclipse related match to very low priority
Added 3.5 interface missing in Eclipse 3.4
Changed target platforms definitions to allow easier switch to different Eclipse version. Developer only need to setup the four links to ~/bin/Eclipse33 - ~/bin/Eclipse36 directories pointing to the appropriate Eclipse installation and choose the right platform file under Preferences/Plugin development/target platform.
Updated launcher
Added lib directory to svn:ignore and updated plugins docu
avoid using 1.6 constructor
Use ".settings/edu.umd.cs.findbugs.core.prefs" as a name for the FB *core* preferences starting with the 1.3.10 version, instead of ".fbprefs" (before 1.3.10).
Refactored filter paths code to reusable widget.
Removed unneeded argument
Add PriorityAdjustment.LOWER_PRIORITY_TO_AT_MOST_NORMAL
Make sink location always come last and be primary source line annotation
do not report NP warnings inside explicit try-catch NPE blocks
more testcase goodness
lower bugrank for URF_UNREAD_PUBLIC_OR_PROTECTED_FIELD
Since UnreadFields might do dataflow analysis, need to note unconditional return values first
more diagnostic information when we have an error opening a zip file code base. source forge bug 3033548
Update javadoc for *Warning annotations
Make findbugscheck ant task install web cloud client plugin to generate output with cloud stats
Add test case for bug 3061338
Make findbugscheck task write to build/findbugscheck.xml
priority tweak
don't complain if a detector reports an unlisted experimental bug pattern 
fix long standing bug in ByteCodePatternMatch
Make ordering of methods in Cloud interface a bit more coherent
various cleanups
fixed and reductions of UWF_FIELD_NOT_INITIALIZED_IN_CONSTRUCTOR warnings
fix expectwarning annotations
Fix dependency issues reported by PackageDependenciesTest.testGui2Dependencies
Add Cloud.isInCloud method. For use by hudson.
Not sure how this duplicate got here
list time sinks up to 3/4 of total time
set bugrank for NP_UNWRITTEN_PUBLIC_OR_PROTECTED_FIELD to 12
provide maxRank to ant task
set bugrank of 10 for UWF_NULL_FIELD
set maxrank of 18 for findbugs issues
Add a type qualifier validator to @SlashedClassName
always load enclosing class
delete obsolete code
various findbugs cleanups
define @Edge.Type type qualifier
code to start using type qualifier validators
Added one more link to filter manual, fixed some small layout problem
Show details about BugInstance$XmlProps in the property view
New feature: allow to specify custom detector packages from Eclipse UI as workspace preference.   Now there is no need anymore in the error-prone manipulation of Eclipse/FB plugin installation and also simplifies life of Linux users if Eclipse & FindBugs were (pre-)installed by the root.  Right now we support custom detector packages as workspace level setting only. Reason: singleton instance of the DetectorFactoryCollection is shared between different running FB engine instances, so that different detector packages per project would conflict with each other during parallel FB analysis running in the same VM.  Tested with fb-contrib package => works.  TODO: visually differentiate detectors provided by plugins from the core detectors in the UI (pref. page and bug filter options in the bug explorer).
cleanup
Summarized what we already did since 1.3.9 on the plugin, added Keith to the dev team listing
profile validators
add missing @Edge.Type annotations
updates to new BCEL annotation processing
Add test case for bug 3062033
Update test case for 3062023 to reflect actual bug being reported
Add two more test cases for SF bugs
Persist isInCloud to XML
Add findbugs.failIfCloudNotFound property
Save relative paths to .fbp file. Modified SAX bug collection handler to absolutize paths based on xml file location.
Fixed build (javac) compile errors which are not reported by Eclipse compiler (reported as https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=324931).  See also http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=12574  It seems that static constants in annotations cannot (should not?) be used. Not sure if this is a bug of javac or JLS or both.
Fixed NPE on analysis in Eclipse introduced by partial fix for relative paths issue
Fixed ClassCastException
Do not throw DataflowAnalysisException if we know that stack is empty (seen 600 exceptions reported by profiler for small project).
Fix NPE on startup inside debugged Eclipse instance if version.properties file is missing
Startup fix: avoid creating exceptions on each detector creation. Added system property "findbugs.support.old.detector.interface" for backward support of old detectors (written before 2005) with existing "setAnalysisContext" method.
Use enum names instead of int values for default preferences.
Fixed possible NPE's reported by FindBugs
Updated asm libraries to 3.3 version
remove obsolete code
updates to SlashedClassName, handling weirdness with executable code in the clinit method
updates to new BCEL annotation processing
avoid duplicate variable annotations in TQ issues
remove debugging logging
IntelliJ project file changes
Remove remote debugging info from runanttask task
asm 3.2 -> 3.3 updates 
asm 3.2 -> 3.3 updates 
compile findbugsTestCases before running junit tests
fix/add test cases
get rid of UseObjectEquals detector
get rid of UseObjectEquals detector
use unabridged message when creating markers
Provide more information if we never perform too many decrements of the displayCount counter.  See findbugs issue 3064995 https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3064995&group_id=96405&atid=614693
fix for sourceforge bug 363206
better checking for null core plugin
fix for sourceforge bug 3053867
improve error msgs
spell out unacceptable warnings

fix bug 3062023
Fix IntelliJ GUI dependency rules
fix Bug3061338
Fixed exception on decorating files removed a second before
Fixed FB warnings, some smaller refactoring of console output
Made annotation packages visible for eclipse plugin
Fixed FB warnings
Use getClassDescriptor from class objects, rather than strings
Use common getAdapter() utility method
New feature: decorate working sets and source root directories with bug counts 
Use javax.annotation.* instead of FindBugs custom annotations
better handling of top/bottom frames
opcodestack bugfix for IFNULL/IFNONNULL instructions
better error msg
additional test cases
higher bug rank for NP_CLOSING_NULL
class not needed anymore
add some utility functions 
be smarter about adding local variable annotations
fix for sfBug 3053867
cleanup
make use of new utility methods
add better debugging msgs
Fixed message issue below with wrong argument number used:  Method handle() invokes inefficient Double.valueOf(double) constructor; use 4.(key=givenClass)? instead
Updated source attachment for jst305 annotations
bug fix for ifnull/ifnonnull is opcode stack
Update IntelliJ dependency rules
More IntelliJ project file changes
Allow building local cloud with Ant
New feature: added "detectorPlugins" extension point for custom detector Eclipse plugins. Now additional FindBugs detectors plugins can be contributed by simply installing a new Eclipse plugin.
Update manifest to allow running local cloud with java -jar
Add ant task to run Local Cloud unit tests
Fix build file to allow running local cloud tests from clean workspace
Try again to get local cloud tests to run on hudson
Try yet again to get local cloud tests to run on hudson
Try once again to get local cloud tests to run on hudson
Try once again to get local cloud tests to run on hudson
fix for bug 2990536 (along with some refactoring)
Improving integration of custom detector plugins into Eclipse. Show which patterns are reported by which plugin in properties page, bug filter dialog and properties view. Make sure custom plugins are initialized before starting any job/show bug explorer view.
Make it easier to use PrintClass to print selected classes out of a zip/jar file
Bump findbugs version number to 2.0.0-dev
change FixIndentation to generate spaces rather than tabs
better check for whether we are initializing a value that has a duplicate value on the stack
better toString method for PreorderVisitor
fix indentation for java and xml files
partial indentation fix
reformatted code
fix to handle very deep indentation
monster indentation fix
format/indentation fix
more source formatting updates
more source formatting updates
eclipse cleanup
partial indentation fix
reformat source code
formating
reformat source code
source code cleanup
source code cleanup
restore expected bug
spaces are default now
spaces are default now
fine tuning of prefs
Removed last tabs left after last formatting round
Perform some (same) simple code cleanup operations on save
Some more compiler warnings enabled
Applied patch 3070776 "message incorrect due to copy paste" from Dave Brosius
Added some documentation about custom detectors and Eclipse plugin
Added new grouping choice to the tree view: group per reporting detector plugin.
when a value is loaded via a aconst_null instruction, label the value as a constant null
Fix App Engine cloud server build - some imports must have been removed on flag day
Add Ant task for building distribution zip file.
Add checkstyle task to build.xml to check for tab characters
Update IntelliJ code style settings to stop using tab character
Remove tab characters - replace some with four spaces, replace others inside strings with \t
fix findbugs warning
fix findbugs warning
Why won't datanucleus ant task work on hudson???
Avoid unnecessary work during ant build
Ant debugging...
Will this fix it?
I think it works!
Add unit test task to webCloudClient/build.xml
Fix build file to run all webCloudClient tests
Add Ant task to build custom cloud plugin jar
Update build files. Fix failing hudson build. Add debug=on to all javac invocations from Ant.
Replace direct references to "the FindBugs Cloud" with calls to Cloud.getCloudName()
Update IntelliJ build files to reflect new "classes-ant" folders littering the codebase
Fix syntax error in JDOQL query for /stats page. Only happens when running locally, not on AppEngine. Not sure why.
Additional info for new bug group in the tree (detector plugin).
Add findbugs.cloud.name parameter to local cloud - shows custom cloud name instead of "FindBugs Cloud" on login screen.
Remove last reference to "FindBugs Cloud" in GUI
add test case
no dependencies on sandboxed code
try to be more consistent about directories/locations for build products
If we get an error parsing a classfile, list the name of the class that caused the problem
Fixed exception on decorating projects closed a second before
Fixed prefs cleanup code
move bugFiler interface to findbugs core
add test case for sourceforge issue
import and source code cleanup
source code cleanup
Fixed NPE if the custom plugin not more available, but old markers are there
Add component selector to JIRA bug filer. Currently only works in Swing GUI.
Move web cloud client to main codebase! May not work in Eclipse yet. Not sure what to do with bug reporter code...
Fix Eclipse build to reflect new web cloud client changes
Exclude abstract test classes from runjunit task (probably shouldn't be in src/junit anyway...)
Misc IntelliJ project file changes
Delete webCloudClient/etc-custom - has been replaced by wiki page
Fix FindBugs warnings in BugFilingHelper
Web Cloud server: Add ability to create token for use in uploading issues to the Cloud.
Allow setting token AND sessionId, and using whichever one works.
Add system property findbugs.cloud.token which uploads any new issues to the Cloud, without authenticating.
When uploading issue, show classname and issue hash in App Engine logs
Fix build files. Remove all "-full.jar" suffixes for output files
Fix typo introduced into test case
Add my token to the findbugscheck task
Move web cloud client code back to webCloudClient/
Remove findbugs/test-lib, no longer necessary
Attempt to move webCloudClient to trunk/plugins/
Update findbugs build.xml and IntelliJ project file to reflect new location of webCloudClient
More webCloudClient fixes
Move webCloudServerAppEngine and webCloudServerCommon to server/appengine and server/common, respectively
Re-add exclusion line for xmlvalidate task
Fix server/common buildfile (add some dot-dots)
Initial import.
moving jdbc cloud into separate plugin
depends on findbugs
remove mysql and webCloudProtocol from build path
fix reference for logger
get rid of mysql
remove sureLogic
Move BugFiler to webcloudclient
disable automatic findbugs runs
move jira to its own plugins/jira folder

Fix local cloud classpath file
Remove obsolete jars from eclipse build path (webCloudClient)
Create separate test cases for jira and googlecode tests
Fixed gui package build
rename src/java5 to src/gui
rename src/java5 to src/gui
delete unused directories
delete cloud for the moment
move db cloud to separate plugin
add mysql connector
Move googlecode bug filer to separate folder
add xml files for jdbc plugin
Baby steps
try again: move googlecode stuff to its own module
Remove reference to generated-src in webcloudclient ant file
remove mysql from core findbugs add build script for jdbcCloudClient
update eclipse build path
add @Override annotations
add eclipse metadata
add eclipse metadata
don't use generated-src anymore Use findbugsBase.dir property to find findbugs and webCloudProtocol
Add src/generated as sourcepath for jira project in Eclipse
Add build file for googlecode plugin
Misc IntelliJ project changes
Add jira build file.  Also standardize location of classes-ant and such.
Remove obsolete libraries from webcloudclient build file
delete google-collect dependency from webcloudclient
Missed some references to classes-ant...might fix enhance task on hudson
Revert: delete google-collect dependency from webcloudclient
more to a more general component architecture for FindBugs, allowing BugFilers to be defined via a plugin
add test cases
don't strip [[ from signatures when computing class descriptors
fix ordering in EC_ARRAY_AND_NONARRAY LongDescription
Fix googlecode tests
Fix findbugs build - serverSrc typos
Attempt to fix hudson build by adding  inheritAll="false" to ant calls
Add sfBugs.Bug3079260
Add documentation for Cloud.updateBugStatusCache
Delete webCloudClient plugins on clean task
Fix NPE when loading web cloud client without bug filer specified
Rename AppEngineCloud* to WebCloud*
Rename AppEngineCloud* to WebCloud* - missed a few
Rename more stuff - including appengine.* system properties
Fix bug where FindBugs would hang if -Dfindbugs.cloud.token was passed and find-issues encountered network error. Test cases added.
Remove dependencies between jira/googlecode and webcloudclient. Also fix dependency on google collections.
Update IntelliJ project files to reflect sysprop change
Attempt to get googlecode building on hudson
Attempt to get googlecode building on hudson
Fix PackageDependenciesTest
Add new plugins to checkstyle sourcepaths
Make checkstyle violations NOT make the build fail
Add support for checkstyle hudson plugin
Remove tab characters from some files
Fix build file typo
fix performance black hole when analyzing scala
Handle rename of AppEngineNameLookup to WebCloudNameLookup
add ALWAYS_ON_EXCEPTION_PATH property to null dereferences that occur on exception paths
add ALWAYS_ON_EXCEPTION_PATH property to null dereferences that occur on exception paths
Convert IntelliJ project files to be based on Eclipse .classpath file
IntelliJ project file
Add code on Cloud server to show evaluations history in HTML format. for Hudson mainly. URL is /issues/<hash>?embed
Fix failing ReportServlet test (only fails for local cloud test)
Treat System.* fields as reflective
simplify and cleanup code
add junit as dependency
don't need google collections
fix for refactoring
fix some issues found during review of JBoss 6.0 M5
allow expected warning annotations to specify a minimum priority
testing new patterns
test of new bug pattern
Add glassfish "continuous build" ant buildfile
I guess this belongs in sandbox
use better method name
add check for NPE
make some declarations final
add check for micros per day overflow
add classloader isolation for type qualifier validators
add comment about eclipse optimizing away RCN
add check for validation sandboxing
tweaks
Don't consider lifecycle methods (e.g., constructors, finalizers) when looking at field accesses for the purposes of synchronization
add method to warning about synchronized readObject
fix bug 3086136
make some fields final deprecate Speed field
protection against null entries
try to avoid classloader for loading resources
tweaks
add some documentation about plugin structure
massive changes to plugin loading
various cleanups related to plugin refactoring
Fix issue found by findbugs
better fix for issue found by findbugs
Improve Reconfigure screen in GUI. Misc other build file & IntelliJ changes
Add sfBugs.Bug3092411
Find URL where core plugin is loaded from
Update messages_ja.xml from bug 3093972 (orihalcon)
Add logging for get-recent-evaluations
Try improving App Engine performance by reducing number of WebCloudClient request threads and number of issues queried per call
Improve wording of find-issues log message
use generic types
Improve performance of get-recent-evaluations call
Update IntelliJ project files so web cloud client is loaded dynamically
Reduce get-recent-evaluations calls by using current server time instead of evaluation timestamp to check for updates
Update IntelliJ project files
Fix failing test due to status bar format change
additional debugging code
fix for expected warning test failures when analyzing code compiled with Eclipse
new bug patterns and ideas
fix findbugs warning
Step 1 in retryable connections. Just creates the URLConnection abstraction. No retrying yet.
Nearly all webCloudClient HTTP connections auto-retry twice (so 3 possible connections total). Also sets a 5-sec timeout on all requests, which increases to 10 and 15 during subsequent retries.
Add favicon
remove null warning
work to allow dynamic loading of plugins
remove and ignore .iws file that contains personal preferences
various cleanup for plugin configuration
changes to accommodate the fact that we now load core resources from FINDBUGS_HOME/etc if possible
add plugins to preferences pane
Add Bug3092772
more work on plugins. Made it so that PluginLoader isn't exposed, everyone just deals with Plugins.  Still rather alpha.
Misc cleanups to FindBugs GUI for installing and enabling/disabling plugins. Also small modification to Plugin to allow installing Cloud plugins. May not be best solution but works for now.
Improve error reporting on thread interrupt in web cloud client
Add FindBugs without cloud to list of run configurations in IntelliJ
Add informational message to plugins page of prefs
set native svn:eol-style to native for .iml files
updates
Fixed exception while writing FB preferences into not (yet) existing .settings directory
Modify svn:ignore & cleanup my svn tree
Store global enabled/disabled plugin status in FindBugs GUI save state properties
Tell user whether they are editing global or project-specific plugin checkboxes
Improve App Engine logging for hudson embedded iframe calls
add new test cases for bugs reported via source forge
fix expected warnings
better documentation for fieldLoadedFromRegister
fix for sourceforge bug 3105145
fix sfBug 3102322
fix introduction of tab character
make SetBugDatabaseInfo -last work
get rid of unused field
provide a way to determine how FindBugs is launched.
more work on preferences frame and plugin loading
list plugin status except for initial plugins where default == global = current enabled status
Add documentation for Cloud.getConsensusDesignation
Misc minor changes to plugin loading code, for IntelliJ integration. No longer loads clouds from disabled FB plugins.
IntelliJ project changes
Initial implementation of FindBugs host app versions. Client & server code. So far FBGUI, textui, and IntelliJ plugin register themselves as host apps. Logging mechanism on server may not be ideal - uses memcache and may report multiple usages per session... May rewrite later using task queues. Also - does not work for local cloud yet!
paranoia: more checks for not existing classpath entries. Make sure default output is the first entry (should be faster to lookup classes).
Added more information about what is being analyzed: show resolved classpath and project name
Do not change classpath order during report
Fixed test cases broken after changing tabs to spaces
Fixed new 2.0 bug introduced by occasional mix-up of I18N.instance() with DetectorFactoryCollection.instance(): already loaded third party plugins were loaded again and again on each subsequent FB execution inside the same VM instance.  I18N has nothing to do with DetectorFactoryCollection and both singleton instances should be different and not mixed per occasion. DetectorFactoryCollection instance can be replaced (due loading or unloading of different plugin packages), I18N instance not.  So I18N must NOT extend DetectorFactoryCollection and confuse developers which one to use. One is for translation/strings manipulation, another one is for object lookup. Monster commit, sorry.
Don't apply inexact annotations
allow 2nd parameter of ConcurrentMap.remove(Object,Object) to be null
more assertion checking
add test case for ConcurrentMap.remove(Object,Object)
Do not sort classpath, print it "as is".
Some more polishing on classpath. More filtering on invalid classpath entries (bad PDE classpath resolving). Allow to use short (without fully recursive resolved dependencies) Eclipse classpath for projects, which speeds up analysis (a little bit) on huge workspaces with mostly no impact on analysis results.
add test case for sf bug
turn off automatic cleanup 
changes to try to be more consistent about file encoding
get rid of misspelled bug pattern name
turn off automatic cleanup
Update Japanese messages and change of file encoding. Contribution from orihalcon, see bug 3113990
Added a notice about file encoding for messages. See bug 3113990 and 2928350
finish bug reporter
make outputStream autoflush
flush output streams in finish()
fix for bug 3112764
add test case for Bug3110239
add warning for ignoring return value of ExecutorService.submit
Fixes bug (enhancement request) 3117769 - we must provide our own classloader to allow third-party plugins extend the FindBugs runtime classpath via "Buddy" classloading.
Set svn:eol-style to native on xml files
Add Bug3118278
Add javax.ws.rs.core.Context to list of injection annotations
Fix Java5 compatibility problem in new UTF8 code
Make Eclipse plugin register itself as host app using new host app API in Versions.
bug suggested by Nelson
add -analyzeOnly option add check for mismatched file name
Add Google Code bug filing support
Make JIRA bug filer work again
add a version number to plugins
add a version number to plugins
fix xml output for project; didn't generate correctly formatting tags for plugins
send warnings to dialog box, rather than to system.err
get rid of unused files
add a version number to plugins
add a version number to plugins
Initial import of bugCollectionCloud Eclipse project
Add initial Eclipse project files for bug collection cloud
Add IntelliJ project files for bug collection cloud
Initial commit of Do Nothing Cloud - with this cloud enabled, when the user clicks the comments area, it shows a really dumb dialog box explaining how to enable the cloud. Better impl to come later.
Misc wording changes in do-nothing-cloud & reconfigure dialogs
Improve error messages when no internet connection is available.
add script.properties back
changes to plugin structure; adding directories for optional plugins
allow for plugins that are not enabled by default to be included in an execution plan
debugging output for plugins
record more information when a plugin is loaded from two different sources
add new bug from sourceforge
provide better error msgs
improve code for building temporary jar files
load extension point plugins first handle plugins loaded from more than one location partially back out fix for bug 3117769 until we can make it backwards compatible
Add Bug3126724
Do not print unconditionally to system.out
Exported package to avoid Eclipse errors
Update some labels in GUI (for clarity) and change "cloud disabled" to "comments disabled"
Fixing (new) default cloud id issue
Bug 3117769: exported all bcel and findbugs packages required for Eclipse running inside Eclipse (classpath issue which only occurs in development environment and does not occur if running "default" customer Eclipse)
bugrank.txt and at least one class file are still required for each FB detector
Fix detector loading errors due duplicated entries for /etc directory which are on classpath already
1) Bug 3117769: should work now with updated MANIFEST.MF 2) Fixed changed cloud id 3) Fixed default plugin debug flag
Changes to Eclipse plugin - properties page. Moved project cloud selector to top of pref pane. 
Eclipse plugin - Make the Cloud signin status box show Cloud.getCloudName() instead of Cloud.getPlugin().getName()
bugrank.txt and at least one class file are NOT required for each FB detector
Improved log messages
allow ConcurrentSkipListMap(Comparator) to take a null parameter
add code as in bug report
add initial support for path manipulation detection
add invoked method to warnings about path manipulation
change default localization of priority to be confidence. Priority still accepted
Add sandbox/detectorTutorial
Commit project to sandbox/detectorTutorial
Add FindBugs remote debug launcher to tutorial
add string msg to sql warnings, listing instances that have SQL strings involving HTTP taint
update bugrank for security bugs
import cleanup
get rid of warning msg
correct detection of static field
clean out dead store
add a string comment for path manipulation warnings
remove dead local store
clean up various findbugs warnings
more accurate check for methods that always throw exceptions
bugrank tweak
add utility method to get XClass from ClassDescriptor
watch out for weird map classes
Add new bug idea 
define equals and hashCode for AnalysisError, so that logs won't report duplicates
allow Class objects to be used in various places rather than class names; less fragile
fix indentation
slightly deeper search for XSS bugs
Preparation for enabled/disabled state support of FB plugins in Eclipse: refactored widgets to use CheckboxTableViewer
Fix bug where folders don't show up in "save as" dialog, preventing navigation into subfolders
Attempt to fix performance problem in get-recent-evaluations. Was causing some http 500 responses. Appears to be due to calling queryResult.size()...
Make changes to clouds to improve Hudson support. Added new sub-tag under <BugCollection> - <CloudDetails>. Contains some info about the cloud so Hudson knows whether to show cloud stuff or not.
disable debugging code
Attempt to catch DeadlineExceededException during get-recent-evaluations. Just returns what has been retrieved from database thus far.
- Make FindBugs Ant task set host app property via new system property findbugs.hostApp - Make FindBugs fail hard if Cloud connection fails and failOnCloudError is set - Show better error messages for cloud problems
Fix
Add isOverallClassificationNotAProblem to DoNothingCloud
Copy cloud comments UI from IntelliJ plugin. Seems to work very well! Cleaned up a lot of code in the process.
Show dialog box upon cloud comment submission error
Fixed link in manual as reported by Attila-Mihaly Balazs on the mailing list
Lazy load of custom detectors, to avoid startup overhead even if FB core code is not yet needed (like in bug count decorator).
Moved static field and method getUserPreferences() to appropriate client code to avoid confusion.
Just some code cleanup, no functional change
add constructor that just takes a BugCollection
Add Bug3149714, false positive with enums
Update messages_ja
Commit Bug3135098 (I can't reproduce)
Small cosmetic change to New/Reconfigure dialog
Temporarily disabled checkboxes on detectors as there is no handling of the checkbox state yet
Fix warning exception when CloudCommentsPane is used in IntelliJ
Add Bug3152881
Add @DesireNoWarning
Save maximized window state to GUISaveState. Windows only (maybe Linux?)
Log errors encountered during analysis
Add Close Project menu item. Also rearrange menus. Also fix some related bugs in cloud comments UI.
Applied fix proposed by Steffen Dienst for memory leak in MethodInfo (see bug 3158127)
Misc UI changes. Making things easier to understand & more consistent. Adding explanations for confusing dialogs.
Better (and less) error messages
allow preorder visitor to be used without analysis
use a class annotation rather than a string annotation for type qualifiers when feasible
Add test case for type qualifiers flowing across boxing/unboxing
Make boxing/unboxing identity function for int boxing/unboxing.
Fix for NPE with virtual folders (in Eclipse 3.6)
Make BugInstance.getPrimaryField() return a field even if none is labelled with *DEFAULT. Fixes bug 3154561
Remove AccessibleObject.getAnnotation from list of nonnull method returns. Fixes bug 3161351
Add bug 3160693
Automatically globally enable new plugins upon installation
Allow uninstalling plugins by right-click. Not sure how to document this or make it clear in the UI...
Commit Bug3167096
Fix exception when adding new plugin
Add Bug3139802
more to relative bug ranks
Get rid of silly label "(comments disabled)" if no real cloud is used
Fixed NPE seen on Eclipse 3.7 M5 with the properties tab which was disposed but still receiving selection events
Allow asm based detectors see asm packages if developing as Eclipse plugin
Initially trigger load of all custom FB plugins if not yet loaded
Added more debug info for custom plugins loading from Eclipse

Attempt to fix bug 3175875, FindBugsTask defaulting to -maxRank 0
FBGUI changes for cloud comments. - Change box merged with Signin/Signout - "Add comment" button converted to gmail-style textbox - Designation combobox is always shown - Show hotkeys next to designations in combobox - Remove cloud status from status bar  Also fixed bottom splitter position GuiSaveState issue.
Trying to decouple build jobs from FB analyze to allow better interactive user experience (if FB was enabled to run on save). Key change is in the the FindBugsBuilder where we spawn our uwn jobs from build job. Plus: changed scope of the MutexSceduling rule to allow parallel analysis on unrelated resources inside same project. Both needs to be tested/verified. 
Allow configuration of custom fonts for the FB console
Must keep editor reference
Added FB icon to FB jobs, added method to cancel waiting jobs, made build job visible in the progress view
Trying to improve interactive user experience (if FB is enabled to run on save). Key change is in the FindBugsWorker/FindBugs2Eclipse where we remember some of the class data from previous FB run. This is especially targeting workstations with slow disk IO but lot of RAM - in this use case we avoid repeated class file reading which sometimes takes most of the FB analysis time (thank you, Clearcase). The cached data is there as long as GC has enough memory, but before OOM GC will discard it.  Plus: made two new Eclipse plugin features (cache class data and run on build as extra job) optional, disabled per default and accessible via UI.
Added system property "report_TESTING_pattern_in_standard_detectors" - default is false. Disabled reporting of "TESTING" bugs from standard detectors if this flag is not set to avoid user confusion.
Increased visibility of some data to clients
Added more statistics for class reading performance. With standard disk I/O it takes ~4% of the total FB time, with code inside dynamic Clearcase view ~50%!!! OMG, Clearcase...
avoid NPE
Patch from Graham Allan adding support for filtering bugs with "Not" condition, see https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=3191698&group_id=96405&atid=614695  and  http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=3079980&group_id=96405&atid=614696
Follow up with the small manual update about filtering bugs with "Not" condition
Add bug3180721
Add bug3185865
Update messages_ja.xml
Add bug3189992
fix NPE

make these not useless
Patch from Graham Allan: updating of the FindBugs manual to include examples of using the Not filter for (more info see https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3191698&group_id=96405&atid=614695).
Fix NPE
Make multi-bug comment dialog look nicer by shortening button text
get rid of ant warning
new bug idea
added new bug pattern
fix NPE 
handle int value of character specially
get rid of debugging code
some priority tweaks

allow generation of .xml.gz files
cleanup debugging code
Fixed CCE
Added ignore settings for mercurial
Added tags file for mercurial repo (see http://code.google.com/p/findbugs-hg/)
Updated preferences to the most recent state
Updated .hgignore to ignore more stuff
Added FB builder to FB itself, updated preferences
add test case
Use more accurate tracking of method calls
priority tweaking
more test cases
handle the case of not having type information
add test case for RFE3062724.
more test cases
add additional utility method for adding a called method to a BugInstance
fix typo
refactor unreadFields look for explicit serialization
tweaking detection of switch fallthroughs

Don't return Integer.MIN_VALUE from compareTo
added test cases for BX_UNBOXING_IMMEDIATELY_REBOXED
fix findbugs warnings about negating result of compareTo
added BX_UNBOXING_IMMEDIATELY_REBOXED
Given separate warning for empty zip files don't print stack stack on zipExceptions
test case and fix for sf bug 3279718
Testcase for bug 3280606 (could not reproduce)
Fix for SF bug 3277214
more debugging code when we run into problems parsing a class file.  See sourceforge bug 3072581
check the magic bytes when we have a problem opening a zip file.  See sourceforge bug 3033548
list jar files without any class files
distinguish between jar files without classes, and jar files with no new classes
Be more consistent about closing System.in In CommandLineUICallback, created buffered reader only once
Fix unclosed stream
Fix unclosed stream
fix logic for reporting on errors opening zip files
Allow just the simple name of a cloud to be specified, assuming it is unambiguous
Allow simple name of cloud to be specified, assuming it is unambiguous
make it clear that the sql cloud isn't hosted by UMD, and must be configured
clean up dead local store 
better handling of exceptions when initializing clouds
Fix unclosed stream
take cloud name from plugin descriptor
clean up FB warning
tweak bug ranks
add ability of to get date for source file Add ability to backdate firstseen based on file modification date
add script to backdate first seen by looking at modification dates of source files
wait for cloud sync before updating dates
avoid deadlock while waiting for cloud
Initialize cloud first
more deadlock avoidence
allow backdate to omit an output file; ensure data sent to cloud before shutting down
Make spacing wider when tabs are not used
avoid initiating cloud communication unless we need it
fix compilation bug
refresh comment area after loading bug tree

make it so we don't need to click on the bug tree to see the cloud status
detect new bug patterns invoking using unequal types being passed to assertEquals or assertSame
add bug patten RV_NEGATING_RESULT_OF_COMPARETO
Add -hashes option to filterBugs
Fix -hashes option for filterBugs
fix bugrank for RV_RETURN_VALUE_OF_PUTIFABSENT_IGNORED
guard against NPE
Backdate files when copied
handle file not found exception 
clean up source finder, fix copyBuggySource
Fix glitch with updating designations
sanity check selectedIndex
shorted msg
allow -purgeHistory for filterBugs
Correct typo in msg for test warning
Fixed possible NPE on invalid plugin entry in the classpath
Updated preferences to the most recent state
allow delegate equals method to be anything that contains equals, rather than just starting with equals
Patch to provide swing support for creating a 'NOT' filter. - ID: 3308757
1) Refactoring of cumbersome custom plugins load/unload/enable/disable code. Cleaned up lot of mess with the misuse of the *looks-like-singleton* DetectorfactoryCollection instance (which IS now a real singleton). Do NOT reset DetectorFactoryCollection singleton from SortedBugCollection constructors/other code except tests anymore. Using UserPreferences as Project.getConfiguration() (and NOT any random instance of DetectorFactoryCollection). Custom plugin url's (enabled/disabled) are now saved in/read from the UserPreferences (.fbprefs).  2) Allow to enable/disable filters/custom plugins from Eclipse UI (not just add/remove).
don't complain about missing hashcode for sorted maps and sets
provide method to determine whether a bug has local xml props
fix code for querying the command line back
provide getLocalFirstSeen(BugInstance b) method for abstract clouds
redo logic so that we backdate by setting XmlProps
use getLocalFirstSeen
add some generic types
clean up warning
clean up some generic types use getLocalFirstSeen allow issue upload if already signed in, even if headless

add testcases for sfBugs

Just updated my name to match official one :-)
fix for sourceforge bug 3309310
code cleanup
Handle null cloudId
Fixed two bugs reported by FB
Small improvement for the class cache handling (if enabled) on Eclipse side: added resource listener to workspace to track  "build" and "close" operations on projects.
Fix for the deadlock/bug from http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=614693&aid=3312970&group_id=96405  Looks like the one lock in question is at line 182 in TypeQualifierValue (instanceof of InheritableThreadLocal):      private static final InheritableThreadLocal<AtomicBoolean> performingValidation         = new InheritableThreadLocal<AtomicBoolean>() {         @Override protected synchronized AtomicBoolean initialValue() {             return new AtomicBoolean();         }      };  and the problematic code is the initialValue() method, which overrides the super method BUT adds "synchronized" to it. Was introduced at 2010-10-14  (see http://code.google.com/p/findbugs-hg/source/detail?r=d9ed0ae42d646f6176b0f9d174d0708c2eb90402).  The deadlock seems to happen if there are two different FB threads (== Eclipse jobs) running in the same VM.  One job is already analyzing the code and takes the lock on  TypeQualifierValue$2 by calling TypeQualifierValue.performingValidation.get();. After that, inside the ThreadLocal.get() method something happens (some class need to be loaded?) which needs a lock on the current classloader (DefaultClassLoader). So it will wait until DefaultClassLoader lock will be freed.  Another job is already loading class (which goes to the synchronized method ClassLoader.loadClass() which calls parent classloader (DefaultClassLoader) to load class).  So here is the first lock taken on the DefaultClassLoader object. Then somewhere during the classloader code the ValidationSecurityManager is asked to validate the class and waits for the first thread which is holding the lock in TypeQualifierValue$2 code (this locks down the ValidationSecurityManager due the lock on synchronized initialValue() call).  So the fix is to simply to remove the "synchronized" keyword from the initialValue() call.
No need to sign in if already signed in

provide more debugging information

Ignore (temporary) root .project file
Print debug message only if DEBUG is set
Added web, bin and doc to ignored directories (created during build)
Changed p1 p2 p3 to more readable High Prio, Medium and Low Prio Bugs
See bug https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=3322583&group_id=96405&atid=614693 always add class stats to see useful details in package stats fancy.xsl output (regression introduced in 2.0.0 stream, see changeset 12426:9e7f2054d165 at: http://code.google.com/p/findbugs-hg/source/detail?r=9e7f2054d165ec190e34330b5bea9a783fad9aaf)
add nullness annotation
If we don't know the size for a Package or Class Stats, don't write it out
Replaced html entities &#160; (nbsp) which were not properly replaced by xsl engine to the exact xsl equivalent
don't relativize paths that start with file:, http: or https:
fix typo in message
throw error if plugincomponent doesn't have required fields
add more debugging output
get rid of signin code; throw error if can't log in
set state to SIGNED_FAILED if not availableForInitialization. more debugging information
handle no-analysis case correctly
load core resources from jar file if not otherwise found
normalize bugrank for ICAST_INT_2_LONG_AS_INSTANT

reformatting
make getCorePlugin method public
mark arguments for exception constructors in java.util.concurrent as CHECK_FOR_NULL, rather than NONNULL.
add test cases for generic containing warnings using guava collections
allow for more padding
rewrite of  FindUnrelatedTypesInGenericContainer to handle checks for guava containers  
fix GC checks for  *All methods
more test cases
add method calls in Vector
understand Objects.equal(x,y)
Handle Cache.invalidate(Object) correctly handle position of argument
added ability to filter bugs based on METHOD_CALLED annotations added ability to query a BugInstance for an annotation with a particular role
handle some more guava collection methods in checking for generic type mismatches

get rid of some javac warnings allow ExpectedWarnings to include num=
add expectWarning annotations 
add test case showing fixed version of code
fix for Iterables/Iterators . remove/retain All
Update messages_ja.xml
Allow showing hidden files/folders in Save As dialog. Patch 3307451
Remove unnecessary Java6 dependency
added example bug for 3358161
Add FileWriter and Scanner constructors to DefaultEncodingDetector
Make references to guava version agnostic
more bug examples
raise rank of mt correctness issues
add correct usages of guava methods 
have separate eclipse and javac directories; run findbugs against both
understand that size() methods return non-negative values add test cases
add expected and observed number of bugs
clean up various findbugs warnings. Fix filter and baseline bug options
bug rank adjustment 
reclassify FB warnings as correctness
adjustments to msgs for TQ bugs
Change comments UI to be more immediate. Auto-saving, etc.
A few more comments UI changes. Still some rough edges.
fixed handling of some of the Guava collections
correct unintended bug
add more annotations about class name kinds
add checking for com.google.common.util.Sets methods
Be more specific about which bugs we don't want to see
Add expect/no warning annotations
fix sf bug 3102313
only treat size() calls on collections as non-negative
comment out println statements
always use XMethod/XField to check public status check class for all property databases
add classname annotations
always use XMethod/XField to check public status 
update to jdk7-b147 interprodural iterative analysis
Set the pc for an item representing a newly constructed object: the pc is set to the address of the method invocation to initialize it.  If the userValue for an item is set, include it in the string representation of the item (for debugging)
Updates messages_ja.xml (bug 3364465)
More UI changes
fix sf bug 3303905
improve parameter name
avoid overriding visitCode(Code obj)
make visitCode(Code obj) final
don't use iterative opcode analysis on methods without backedges
avoid overriding visitCode(Code obj)
Fixed compile error due refactoring in FB core
Polishing UI. Added "bulk review" button.
Fix scrolling issue
Add dialog box for designation submission error
More UI improvements.
only return bugs that are displayed
shorten designation
Fix some UI bugs
Handle constant branches in opcode branch analysis
Don't treat check methods as throwing methods
tweak some test cases
Don't treat check methods as throwing methods
update jdk nullness info
get rid of unused flag
Increased max heap for scripts - I saw endless loops with 100% CPU load for many of them with the latest 2.0 code. Increasing heap size seems to help.
Don't try to parse minimum timestamp
detect with CFG has no back edges for a particular analysis; skip iterative analysis when no back edges
clarify issue description
simplify code
remove blank lines
Improve error msg
allow for FindBugsMain methods to be defined in findbugs.xml
remove LockedFields detector add FindBugsMain cmds to plugin
add fb command
Add Bug3368029 about inconsistent synchronization
add global options and usage tracker to findbugs plugin file
Remove dependency on DeadlineExceededException
Merge CloudDetails tag in findbugs.xml into <Project><Cloud>
remove unnecessary lines
replace guava-05 with guava
Improved hack to get cloud details printed in <Cloud> tag
provide check for when communication has been initiated
documentation for sourceInfo files
clarify msg
Allow logging of bug uploads
work on detecting NULL2Z and NONNULL2Z instructions

added one year view filter
clean up of unused options
remove deprecated methods
go ahead and report path manipulation
various changes so we can get more information from a CloudPlugin, rather than needing a Cloud
mark DBCloud as a OnlineCloud
better lazy cloud creation
Fix sql properties 
move to having detailsURL be specified in the xml file
support for NULL2Z and NONNULL2Z in nullness analysis
fix for NULL2Z and NONNULL2Z optimization
remove debugging code
Improvements to nullness checker: ignore null checks that are passed to assertion methods
update for NULL2Z and NONNULL2Z instructions
updates
clean findbugs warnings
more test cases
reduce the number of warnings that wind up getting thrown away
fix information about equals method used for xxxAll methods
add sources for ES_COMPARING_STRINGS_WITH_EQ
Find calls to checkNotNull where first argument is definitely nonnull
Find calls to checkNotNull where first argument is definitely nonnull
check for Math.abs(random.nextLong())
Initial checkin of usage tracking - client side and server side. Known issues: - does not combine multiple tracking requests - applicationName is always <unknown> - does not honor plugin global settings - no way to view statistics on server side

more work on adding command line main's to metadata
fix problem with updating sorter elements in GUI
fix imports
fix problem where code from finally block was being inlined multiple places, resulting is us reporting multiple occurrences of an issue on the same line.  Fixed by in a BugAccumulator, not reporting ANOTHER_INSTANCE unless it starts on a distinct line.
remove debugging code 
remove debugging code 
make TESTING issues scarier
report calls to assertEquals with incompatible types just as for Object.equals and .equals
more test cases
Call Version.registerApplication earlier in FindBugs GUI startup, so the usage tracker sees it.


defer check for whether there are files to be analyze
don't use cached project
Add country, ip address, and date to logged data.
Move usage tracking to be run after all plugins have been loaded. Merge tracking requests that use the same URI. This also solves the applicationName race condition problem.
get rid of theflybush debugging server
Make Eclipse plugin call registerApplication with a less verbose version number
Add global plugin property for redirecting all usage
Only track enabled plugins
Begin adding releaseDate field to Plugin
make computed date fields private
Add nonnull check to match method documentation
Initial checkin for plugin update check. Seems to work basically.
note that project has changed if preferences have changed
move global options to DetectorFactoryCollection; only use globally enabled plugins
handle /'s in class name filter by turning them into .'s
defer creating a cloud just to tell the bug collection that the bugs have been populated
remove circularity
remove InvocationEnvironment; it was never used
if GUI launched via Java WebStart, record application name as FindBugs webstart GUI
check return types of private methods for generic types
Close connections and streams
fixing various junit test failures
removed accidental commit
Make sure we report guava warnings even if guava isn't on the aux class path
evaluate mechanism for speeding subtype queries
move npe2 code to obsolete
move ml code to obsolete
Clean up attributes in xsd to allow for validation
don't require clean for smoketest
more removal of npe2
get rid of debugging code
make use of access method info in type analysis
add subversion revision number to dev version numbers
Removed svnant.home declarations. This should be  declared in local.properties 
if subversion revision is unknown, leave version as before (without -rUnknown)
Allow the detector Factory collection to be cleared (for testing)
reset the dfc to we don't get weird flaky test problems
added more sanity checks to test cases
add more testcases
Initial import.
add doNotTrack plugin
Make it easy to change where the plugin gets installed  
Update messages_ja.xml
fix initialization circularity that preventing inference of findbugs.home
deprecate RV_RETURN_VALUE_IGNORED2 pattern
replace tabs with spaces
more changing tabs to spaces
more tabs into spaces
Update tab fixing tool
add more svnant libraries from 1.3.1 version of svnant
tabs into spaces
fix tabs
use access methods to improve information
add checks for comparing result of com.google.common.primitives.*.compare(..., ...) to a specific constant value other than 0
clarify some expected warnings
add locale and country to usage tracker
refining test cases, add @Expect and @No warning annotations
Stop reporting actual usage to AppEngine server during unit tests.
Send RELEASE for usage tracking instead of getReleaseWithDateIfDev() - less verbose
updating test cases
simplify handling when expected type is Object
enabling TESTING bug warnings If someone is checking for Integer.MIN_Value, don't complain about absolete value
Rework plugin preferences UI to allow changing global AND project-specific settings
Remove more unnecessary usage tracking during unit tests. Feel like there should be a better way to do this.
Minor intellij project file change - update dom4j doc location
log weird runtime exception in Eclipse
enabling TESTING bug warnings
add -sloppyMatch option
removing deprecated code
recognize switch statements that have exhaustive labels for an enum
Warning has been moved to the appropriate places
minor refactoring for clarity
Fix problem with Boolean method returning null
Don't report absolute value bugs if we saw use of MIN_VALUE
fix potential NPE
log tracking failures at the FINE level unless assertions are enabled
only validate as part of smoketest and bindist; don't need it for jar files, and some java installations have problem with the valdiation
add test case for sourceforge bug
fix bug in code provided in bug report
make test case executable
only enable runBaseline option if findbugs-baseline.home set
replace tabs with spaces
replace tabs with spaces
add INT_BAD_COMPARISON_WITH_INT_VALUE bug pattern
a little more logging for the fix indentation code
trim expected warnings
added detection of DMI_ENTRY_SETS_MAY_REUSE_ENTRY_OBJECTS problems. Added TESTING detection for iterators that also implement Map.Entry
allow use of annotation to make detectors that use custom userData, and thus can't reuse iterative opcode-stack evaluation
add test cases for Map.entrySet() problems
More intellij project file changes
fix check for classes that implement both Map.Entry and Iterator
allow logging of pruning of duplication source warnings
fix some dotted/slashed class name issues
fix some dotted/slashed class name issues
don't close XMLOutput until we receive message back, just flush it.
Add AnalysisMXBean
Subtypes2 is always enabled
performance improvements for CheckTypeQualifiers
new bug pattern PZ_DONT_REUSE_ENTRY_OBJECTS_IN_ITERATORS
copy properties into classesEclipse directory
Check for plugin updates in GUI and -printConfiguration. Initial checkin, stuff doesn't fully work yet.
backout/update some changes that weren't compatible with Java 1.5 or the Eclipse plugin
Make sloppy comparator sloppyier. If both bugs have primary methods, ignore primary fields.
don't need defaultenabled add cannotDisable
Restoring functionality
rename exception to follow standard naming rules
defaultenabled is only meaningful if it is false set cannotDisable for doNotTrack plugin
allow localProperties to set whether plugin is enabled by default

add -sloppyUnique option to Filter
logic fix
fix subtle value number issue: when merging value numbers, flags should be the intersection of the flags, not the union
in Java 1.5, concurrentMaps also reused Map.Entry objects in their entry set iterators
centralize code for merging value number flags
fix problem found by FindBugs
correct method name Handle cannotDisable plugins in gui
update various build files; make the mega project work
add files for checkout out and building all of findbugs trunk
updates to BlueJ plugin for FIndBugs
set  includeantruntime="false"
silence error messages that occur during shutdown
fix build file
add global clean target
update bug rank for INT_BAD_COMPARISON_WITH_INT_VALUE 
Bug priority tweaks 
allow for not having Eclipse version of findbugsTestCases
test cases for source info

format null pointer benchmarks, add @ExpectWarning annotations
appengine server code requires Java 1.6
If GUI startup throws exception, show JOptionPane message and call system.exit(1);
Delete FindBugs2.analysisCache field.
when we complain about an EC bug and the method called was something other than the standard equals method, record the called method
If we fail while starting up the GUI, shutdown the VM
Minor buildfile refactoring for new version task

Fix Project xml import/export of plugin enabled status. Now saves plugin enabled status even when it's the same as the global enabled status.
Rename doNotTrack to noUpdateChecks  
rename doNotTrack to noUpdateChecks
add optional called method annotation for bad array compares
fix plugin id
Rename UsageTracker to UpdateChecker, and associated changes.
Update AppEngineDbUsageEntry.toString to include new fields
update name for jar file
Use update.findbugs.org and cloud.findbugs.org instead of appspot URL's (!!)
Revert back to findbugs-cloud.appspot.com until tomorrow
Initial checkin of plugin update XML upload. Not complete.
Update target names 
Remove unused, deprecated plugins 
remove unused, deprecated detectors 
Update properties: bugs are hidden by things other than filters 
If we are loading classes from a directory, rather than a jar file, ignore the version.properties file, it might be stale. 
Add Filters... to view menu 
when doing a sloppy merge, only select issues that are unique according to the sloppy merger
SortedBugCollection.duplicate wasn't duplicating all the metadata Make ProjectStats.clone() return a covariant value
add back bugTreeFilterListner code
allow for rank in ExpectedWarning annotations
cleaning up javac warnings
bugrank tweak
more compiler warnings
Updated .hgignore
turn off complaints about passing a nonnull value to checkNotNull Add DMI_DOH bug pattern
update test cases
replace copies of jcip source code with jcip-annotations jar file
clean up which bug patterns are reported by which detectors
huh? 
never throw anything while trying to get a uuid
use gzip compressing when writing to a .gz suffix
change annotation to use confidence rather than priority
Updated .hgignore
Always install noUsageTracking FB plugin to Eclipse plugin as Eclipse uses it's own update manager
remove dead code

Allow @ExpectWarning() to indicate that some kind of warning should be generated
allow preorder visits to request that their methods be visiting in preorder.
add RV_RETURN_VALUE_IGNORED_INFERRED
more bug ideas.
when unioning results, union analysis errors
throw error if unread fields not available
some addition checks as to whether we know that the arguments are actually in the wrong order
tweaks based on first run
more test cases
more test cases
more tweaks to handle some false positives
preserve timestamps in rejarForAnalysis
more tweaks to handle some false positives
more tweaks to handle false positives
more tweaks to handle some false positives
add findbugs.svn.revision to version.properties
more tweaks to handle some false positives
Don't reporting testing issues
more detailed logging about inferred methods
adding class and method to inferred logs msgs
treat any invocation of a void method on this as an update of this
restructured code to make it cleaner
remove dead code
more tweaks to handle some false positives
if a file appears in both the fileList and the auxFile list, remove it from the auxFileList
Only copy name, comment, time and extra to new zip Entries.
handle void constructors for inner classes
fix NPE in DumbMethods detector
update nullness checks
Handle duplicates
fix logic for DMI_ARGUMENTS_WRONG_ORDER
don't report on synthetic bridge clone methods
purge more history
if name of variable in catch clause starts with ignore, don't report dropped exception
don't warn about hardcoded file names that start with /proc
maxAge should only select issues stored in cloud
Don't rebuild view menu
note number of messages not synchronized with database
generate a more specific msg when an issue is not persisted to the cloud
Deprecate this annotation in favor of javax.annotations
add ways to find out if a bug collection is multiversion and/or has dead bugs
If a bug isn't recorded in a cloud, the cloud report should say so.
don't add dead bug filter unless the bug collection has dead bugs. When filtering by age or other cloud properties, don't show issues not in cloud. When issues are not in cloud, don't show comment pane.
update name of jar file
add commons-fileupload to build path
remove unused fields
remove unused variable
restructure if(false)
fix analysis of jdk7 nonnull parameters
fix nonnull parameter inference, so it doesn't complain about variables dereferences inside small try blocks
update name of jar file noUsageTracking -> noUpdateChecks
record problem with analysis of jdk7 code
add notAProblem as a filterBugs parameter
update findbugscheck; use filterBugs check to produce only results not classified as notAProblem
Set includeantruntime to false 
fix tab
need to record the fact that we are looking for _any bug_
tweak to reduce false positives
most created threads should be daemon threads
Add GUI for plugin updates. Looks pretty ok, client/server interaction not fully tested yet.
update name of jar file noUsageTracking -> noUpdateChecks
Removed an experimental but useless option for Eclipse plugin.
Fixed .class cache strategy for Eclipse builds. Should be now working again.
Paranoia - if we have missing classes during analysis, cleanup the cache just in case this could be the problem.
Improve plugin update XML upload servlet. findbugs-cloud.appspot.com/upload
Don't show plugin updates if they've already been shown before. Also add findbugs.redirectUpdateChecks system property. Also includes some plugin update dialog refactoring.
Misc IntelliJ project file changes
Minor refactoring to make MainFrameMenu easier to read
Add Help->Check For Updates item to menu
Improve GUI responsiveness during network slowness. Run more things in background. Show better network error messages.
add 15 second timeout on request for updates
move some of the command line options into other plugins
move dbstats commande to db plugin
fix tabs
Adding poweruser plugin
details for poweruser tools
remove accidental commit
roll back update. 
correct handling of exception variables named ignore
also handle exception variables with names that start with cant
fix typo in debugging msg
look for dead code loops
only log about mismatch if we didn't encounter top
clean up ant tasks; define more task names
Fix bug when noUpdateChecks=true
Fix JIRA plugin tests. For some reason JIRA plugin was no longer reading plugin properties for googlecodeURL
Fix some web cloud tests
Fix ReportServletTest - evaluators are called reviewers now
improvements to checks for serializability: look at type parameters for parameterized containers
Try to get poweruser unstuck 
Add files for poweruser plugin 
Fix UpdateCheckerTest and add a few more tests...
Add more UpdateChecker tests
UpdateCheckerTest refactoring
Add test that submitted update check XML is correct
fix expected warnings
guard against NPE
fix potential NPE
get rid of static fields in ClassContext guard against NPE
add some utility methods
Allow the short description of a BugCategory to be set after it is created. Allow BugCategories to be hidden.
clean up some internationalization warnings
mark the noise category as hidden
remove surelogic.png
add SupressWarnings annotation
Fix java 6 incompatibility in UTF8
Update messages_ja.xml
remove mentions of SureLogic
simplify filter names
remove debugging code
remove mentions of SureLogic
improvements to checks for serialization of collections of nonserializable types
provide functionality for bug rank categories allow for hidden bug categories
document that we are intentionally ignoring this exception
handle potential NPE when we can't find an XField
Make noUpdateChecks full featured Eclipse plugin
Moved update call from DetectorFactoryCollection constructor to addPluginUpdateListener().  DetectorFactoryCollection instance is used and can be initialized from too many places. This makes the update happen even before a single custom plugin is added. This causes problems if there are custom plugins which then were NOT included neither in the global options set nor in the update itself.
First part of the enablement UI for FindBugs plugins contributed as *Eclipse* plugins to Eclipse. The idea is that if there were custom *Eclipse* plugins for FindBugs we still can enable/disable them (right now they can be disabled but the enablement is not persisted yet to preferences).
Fixed FB warnings
Fixed "-pluginList" option for command line (custom plugins were not loaded at all)
Updated .hgignore
Removed duplicated code
guard against some error cases
use better names for fields, display appropriate msgs if communications not yet initiated.
add annotation
check if we can connect when doing soft signin
IMport annotations
add samples for sf bugs
give better error msg
add SuppressWarnings
remove surelogic 
provide better msgs
add SuppressWarnings
add SuppressWarnings
Switch markers to being based on rank rather than priority
Improve FB GUI error messages during network outage
Improve design of Cloud sign-in page
Fix java6 dependency
Improve design of "you are now signed in" page
Improve network outage error messages
Allow user to set FB_NO_UPDATE_CHECKS environment variable
Fix failing WebCloudAuthTests test
Fix FB->GUI dependency due to GuiUtil method. Move method to findbugs.Util
Fix some failing tests in LocalQueryServletTest
Attempt to fix tests on Hudson
Fix build file to fix "ant clean" in trunk/
Fix local cloud tests when running from Ant and Hudson
Remove tab character from DBCloud
Get standalone local cloud server working!
Add UpdateCheckServletTest for local cloud
Update local cloud web.xml to match appengine xml. Still missing features that require admin access, not sure best way to do this in Jetty.
more test cases
big change to how bug information is displayed in Eclipse
updates for eclipse plugin
improvements to Eclipse BugInfoView
Limit size of "analysis errors" dialog box by adding scrollbar
Clean up some FB warnings in local cloud server
adding menu options to show bug info
Fixed reference to moved class
Fix bug where "new issues need to be uploaded to cloud" was not being shown for New Projects. For some reason the GuiCallback was not being registered when the Project was created.
fix some findbugs warnings
tweak checkReturnValue for Executor.submit(Runnable)
provide correct names
Fix "Redo Analysis." Looks like it was a merge error that caused redoAnalysis to be called twice in a row.
Fix network failure message - it was referencing the old signin status box which doesn't exist anymore.
update preferences
Misc UI changes. Some cosmetic, some major - big changes wrt the cloud comments panel being refreshed correctly when changing clouds.
update prefs
more work on eclipse plugin
restore proPageTitleProvider
remove unthrown exceptions
remove unthrown exceptions
documentation typo
clean up warnings
add some annotations
fix indentation
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix tabs
clean up imports
fix tabs
fix tabs
fix encoding dependency
fix static mutable data problem
code cleanup
use enummap
fix potential NPE
give better msg for doNothingCloud
make sure we use cloud information from user preferences
Show gray color for unknown rank
Added more debug info for strange NPE's
Provide human readable names
Renamed Priority to Confidence and BugRankCategory to BugRank, adopted human readable names, added compatibility checks, adapted grouping drop-down names/id's, added few new.  Never show "empty" icons for tree elements.
allow for overriding plugins Improve display of plugins in eclipse
update for renaming
Fixed broken editor "click on bug" action
Using SashForm to allow panel resize. Added scrollbars to anno list.
Added license header
Slightly bigger place for bug info. If we were clever, we would hide bug annotations/cloud view if there is no cloud, as this simply wastes too much space for nothing.
update view names
Fix NPE on cloud server. Maybe the new warning will help us track down the problem evaluations.
priority -> confidence
Removed duplicated class
Just wording
Renamed FindBugsMarker.RANK_TYPE to FindBugsMarker.RANK to avoid misunderstanding
Added missing bits of information to the view and "Copy to clipboard" action. Made "annotation" part to "Navigation" and allow to toggle it off/on instead of resizing. Added file name/line to the view description. Fixed dispose().
Fixed confidence value
improve msg
fix doctype
fix doctype
fix typo
include outer class names for "simpleNames"
Changed plugin extension point name from detectorPlugin to findbugsPlugin and added new mandatory attribute fbPluginId (matching the findbugs plugin id)
Avoid duplicated entries
Allow direct access to the URI's
Updated docu as preparation for enablement/disablement of installed plugins
detect identity methods. Don't do type qualifier checks or inference in identity methods
Changed actions contribution order to always show bug info on top (if icon clicked in editor)
Moved validation code to PluginLoader
Changed getByPluginId() to use only full qualified id.
Trim values (paranoia)
Allow full control over plugins enablement from Eclipse. Added plugin validation and collision detection. Added color hint and tooltip for invalid entries.
Fixed another one occurence of SWTException: Widget is disposed
Fixed bug group sorting order broken due the missing mapping for the confidence (low confidence was appearing above high confidence in bug explorer)
Cleaned up marker contributions, prepared right grouping for Eclipse 3.6+ (could create another FB plugin release for Eclipse 3.6+).
Updated release notes (still incomplete)
Added two new targets for Eclipse 3.7 and 3.7.1 (later one includes Java 1.7 support)
Cleanup after moving bug info to the separate view -> there is no way to show bug group information now, menu entry is useless.
Added empty dirs to avoid Eclipse compile warnings
raise size limits for analysis
make better use of generic type information in local variable tables.
bump memory sizes
rewrote to give better performance
improve performance of type qualifier analysis shrink debugging output for type qualifier analysis
add test case for SF bug 3412428 Add fix for false negative found by inspecting test case add fix so previous fix doesn't generate false positives
add test case for bug 3415313
bug ideas and sourceforge bug reports
add method to resolve access methods indirection
add method to resolve access methods indirection

resolve access methods in reporting bugs
update nullness annotations
fix for sf bug 3399101
change from priority to confidence
Fixed possible NPE
fix problems due to duplication plugins
roll back this change until we figure out the problem
fix for bug Misleading NP_NONNULL_PARAM_VIOLATION reported - ID: 3424096 http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&aid=3424096&group_id=96405&atid=614693
add test case
fix indentation
update to appengine 1.5.5
fix bug 3412428: Float should be comparable to itself without warning
treat callable statements and prepared statements the same for the purposes of closing
detection of errors with contains(Object) and remove(Object, Object) on maps
fix indentation
fix indentation
Fix indentation. 
indentation fix
fix some issues in the detectors for finding open streams
fix nullness problems
fix TQ warnings
insure we close the input stream
allow for optional databases use optional obligation database in xfactory
fixes to type qualifiers. Handle identity methods specially only in that for strict qualifiers are treated as non-strict in identity methods
insure we close the input stream
add annotations about expectations
Add type qualifier check for comparing incompatible values 
Add test case for comparison of values with incompatible type qualifiers 
fix expected warnings, allowing for coercion functions
add constant flag for value numbers generated by a constantpushinstruction
provide access to classContext and method in subclasses
Clean up type qualifier warning
don't complain when comparing strict type qualifier values if either is bottom
more tweaking to tq analysis
reduce duplicate warnings fix expected warnings
correct type qualifier warnings
it is OK for a strict value to flow to an untyped value
fix TQ warnings
don't complain about not being able to log out
clean up findbugs warnings
add original code as provided in bug report
clean up warnings about charset encoding
clean up findbugs warnings
Patch from Dave Brosius for issue 3429143: allow plugins load classes/resources from 3rd party jars. Updated plugins documentation too.
Fixed NPE if jar has no manifest
add test case for FindBugs issue
add test cases
refactor out some common code
for strings that are better represented as hex constants, show them that way.
use hex representations for long constants when appropriate
avoid duplicate warnings
avoid duplicate warnings
add L suffix to long constants
add bug reports 
fix false positive about nonsymmetrical equals methods
add some more details about test cases
fix tab
update to appengine 1.6.0
make long messages more consistent
fix bug 3434912
Do not add broken welcome page for plugin build.
add annotation 
move to exponential backup on checking for updates from cloud
update project stats when adding bug to collection, not independently
make sure we use the version number from the resource anytime we aren't reading from a raw file
allow creation of ObjectType directly from Class object
various refinement of OBL analysis, separation of OBL_UNSATISFIED_OBLIGATION_EXCEPTION_EDGE issues
add annotations about expected warnings
fixed test case
ignore fields with types defined by type variables; we don't understand them well enough. Fix bug 3295061
update expected warnings
add more bug cases
generate better error messages for OBL warnings
allow method annotations to be added using class references, rather than class names
don't ignore the results for Statement.executeUpdate(...)
use modern for loop
add test case 
use hex representation for long values when appropriate
add @DottedClassName annotations
add method to get hex version of long value
add some check return value annotations
if a method returns a ResultSet, also delete a Statement obligation
tweaks to obligation analysis
remove unused field

correct timestamping of analysis
Be smarter about using latest version of a classfile when rezipping
add "did you mean to override" annotation for UMAC
fix Bug 3418588
provide a main method to clear all preferences
provide a main method to clear all preferences
update test case
throw exception if cloud not available for initialization
make method for checking if we can resolve the host public
initialize throws exception if softsignin throws exception initialized earliestSeenServerTime to current time
better handling of communication errors
fix various FindBugs issues
fix findbugs issue
do nothing cloud is always available for initialization
make sure we initiate communications
Display FindBugs version in properties page
more notes about expected warnings

version 2 of appengine cloud
update files
Fix for resource errors if we are decorating projects while the Eclipse closing them
better layout of preferences frame
better logging of errors
update classpath entries
signout before we shut down
fix formatting
better error msgs
fix expected warnings
add jcip annotations to findbugsTestCases
fix findbugs warning
add more words
make all timestamps relative to current time
rollback last commit
another attempt to get relative timings correct
add test cases corresponding to bug reports
fix declaration of setUp
work on test cases
work on test cases
more details of test cases
check for reversal of arguments to Assert.assertNotNull
white space cleanup
remove user designation
better debugging msgs
construct proxy for annotation value
fix for bug 3441912
fix for bug 3442048 
add msg about current sign in status
for switch statement with missing default handler, give entire switch statement as source annotation
increase rank of SW_SWITCH_NO_DEFAULT
remember if we declined to sign in keep track of which user annotations are dirty
add additional method to support changes to Driver class
remove bug inserted for testing purposes
accept regression
fix findbugs warnings
added some default cases to switch statements
cleaned up concurrency abstraction, eliminating potential atomicity problem Made sure we always try to scroll the screen appropriately, even if we can't fit everything on
added some default cases to switch statements
add nullness annotations
fix NP issue
some constant folding across point != and == tests
added some default cases to switch statements
fix UTF8 encoding issue
added some default cases to switch statements
better debugging messages
Better debugging messages
enable logging
mark user annotation as dirty so it gets uploaded as expected by test cases
mark test case as broken
reverting change to add parent logger
don't let exceptions while recording app versions disrupt critical computations
see if we can get this warning to shut up
If user says they don't want to upload reviews, mark them as clean, so we won't keep asking
Feature 3263230: allow to export/import FindBugs workspace preferences via Eclipse File->Export->Preferences and File->Import->Preferences. It is modified patch from Dominik Weidemann and Konrad Reiche.
if something is both serializable and externalizable, it is treated as externalizable
change eclipse GUI Callback to include project name in dialogue headers
clean up some findbugs issues; try to resolve issues with warnings about dirty issues
add some logging code
finally cleaned up my TQ issues
be  more consistent about designationKey: it can't be null or empty.
add type qualifier annotations
provide utility method for finding out whether we can upload issues and evaluations
Count non-blank lines; add flag for whether to actually perform update
fix signin status bar
fix when we upload issues
change method name to make it more clear
more test case goodness
Fix indentation 
Fix indentation 
provide to usefull toString method
add an OSGI manifest to annotations.jar
add some changes since 1.3.9
reformatting
document cleanup
Documented latest feature added to Eclipse plugin
Update to docbook-xsl-1.76.1 
add default to switch statement
documentation update
fix error reporting
try to handle a few more cases of maps
in summary form, list number of errors
remove commented out code
add explaination message to DMI_DOH
update annotations 
clean up code
update annotations
provide context for max invocation times
code to compare performance results stored in xml files
add maxContent to ClassProfile in xsd
parse double, not int
fix index page
update changelist 
install plugins appropriately; create noUpdateCheck versions
add a word
add support for gzipped input files
Only record maxContext in profiler if findbugs.profiler.maxcontext set
log more information with this message
fix java 1.5 compatibility issue
applied patch from Bug 3456198; fixes spelling mistakes
add some assertions, trying to narrow down the issues related to null children in trees
change logic for releases; look at all releases
add some nullness annotations for jdk1.8
add code to get status 
Remind once a week about updated versions
remove logging msg
add yjp controller lib for profiling; only used when running in Eclipse
close file
start of some code to generate update xml
remove obsolete url
limit generated charts to past 6 months
1 Fixed potential NPE's reported by FB itself. 2 Fixed potential compile problems (implementation class doesn't declare annnotations declared in the interface/super class method) reported by the new Eclipse 3.8 Nullness-aware compiler. See http://eclipseandjazz.blogspot.com/2011/12/inter-procedural-null-analysis-using.html
add CountDownLatch.await(...) to the list of methods that should have their return value checked
unpack invocationTargetExceptions
redo reporting of updated versions of FindBugs and plugins
created separate package for update check code
documentation update
organize imports
fix tables add optionalPlugin to distribution for noUpdate distribution, don't enable webCloudClient
add line break
Enable more checks (introduced with Eclipse 3.8)
disable some test cases that were failing due to the restriction of chart results to the past 6 months
add test case 
XML updates 
Consistently using @Nonnull instead of @NonNull and also fixing compile errors (nullness contract violation) reported by Eclipse 3.8 compiler
Consistently using @Nullable from javax.annotation instead of deprecated @NonNull
make timestamp relative to sample time stamp
Consistently using @CheckForNull from javax.annotation instead of deprecated @CheckForNull
tweak test case
log o message if we timeout
documentation fixes
make java 1.5 compatible
Consistently using @Nonnull (too many warnings reported by Eclipse 3.8 compiler)
Adding Eclipse 3.8 as target platform
no longer rc2
even with effort=max, don't run lazyInit over huge methods. The running time is very non-linear
augment progress report to note classes that took a long time to analyze
make available method to get class size
use the appropriate generic types
Fixed Bug 3458246 
add bug pattern
Remove debugging code 
add a toString method
handle any kind of throwable when getting a validator
handle assertion failures in Formatter
fix Bug3460234
more test cases
roll back in update to handle java.sql.Time and java.sql.Timestamp
more work on format strings
added test case
fix FB warning
No code change, just docu fix. Changed comment in plugin.xml and reverted one "fixed" issue from release notes as I overlooked the fact that the bug is still in Eclipse: https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=366991
test case and fix for sourceforge RFE3357580
Add edu.umd.cs.findbugs.annotations.SuppressFBWarnings as an alternative to edu.umd.cs.findbugs.annotations.SuppressWarnings
Provide bug kind and pattern in Swing GUI In Bug pattern html, link short description to FindBugs web site.
use new asynchronous google analytics code
include links for no-update versions of plugins
Added update xml for cloud 
findbugs 2.0.0-rc3
rename to avoid validation problems
Fixed prio->confidence related failures in tests
test fix for quick fix update on mutable date
recognize assertion methods with a boolean return type
add test for to handle assertion methods with boolean return value
add some more info to main web page
renamed webCloudClient to findbugsCommunalCloud 
move ListBugDatabaseInfo to poweruser plugin
also list number of errors in listing buf database info
Update for rename of webCloudClient 
fix findbugs warnings
rename webCloudClient to findbugsCommunalCloud
allow destination to be a zip file
always build scripts
fix brainfart
Complete renaming 
Try to be consistent on version numbers 
Update google code 
Update eml files 
Fix download sizes 
update scripts; allow setting of memory via environmental variables
refactor code for printing configuration and show fb commands
update sidebar
update documentation
if no arguments provided, make it the same as fb help
fix version dating issues
fix messages
Updated dictionary 
Build poweruser plugin 
fix indentation
organize imports
fix plugin name 
have dist target build poweruser plugin 
include poweruser plugin in dist
Dummy change to tag 2.0.0 release
clarify expected warnings
If we get an IOException while scanning a codebase, try to keep going.  Attempt to fix bug 3033548
increment version number
old hack for OSX file chooser appears to be not needed or usable anymore
fix for sourceforge bug 3466919
give message explaining this TESTING warning
fix check for OSX look and feel
fix for performance issue identified by 3464085
add fix for 3464107
added test case for sourceforge issue  3463932
add testng library
Small cleanup - do not remove bad classes two times
more bugs
Show error dialog for OutOfMemoryError during "New Project" analysis.
Fix IntelliJ project file  
Fix exception during shutdown
fix for bug 3466780: don't apply default annotations to synthetic parameters
fix for bug 3466780: don't apply default annotations to synthetic parameters
more bugs from sourceforge
Update to App Engine 1.6.1
type in web page
add test cases for Bug2857782
test case for bug
Fix chart URL length problem on /stats page
IntelliJ 11 project file updates
fix user and package charts
Update to charts4j 1.3
when checking user designations in XML, use user for designation rather than self, which may be unknown.
Commit come cweid's 
Fix findbugs issue 
Added more bugs 
clean up annotations
fix for Bug3470297
Added bug patterns for path traversal 
add bug patterns for path traversal
apply patch from
fix formatting
add to .svn.ignore
Fix bug 3444302 - WebCloudIssueSyncTests failure - now the uploaded event is called even when uploading is skipped.
Add Bug3463048 - desired warning for field that should be final
Update messages_ja.xml
Make it easier to intercept update check requests for debugging
IntelliJ project file updates
Add Bug3463046
Allow filtering by bug rank. Patch 3473437
Add Bug3330970
Add Bug3147326
Updated manual for bug rank filtering, see SF 3473437
add checks for passing constant Strings to some of the methods in the Guava Strings class
Add draft UsageReportServlet - not used yet
Update UsageReportServlet
Add initial draft of code to consolidate usage data periodically via App Engine Task Queue. Consolidated (cached) data is not used yet, write-only for now :)
Update messages_ja
Add Bug3477699
Add Bug3479080
Make /usage servlet use consolidated usage data
Lots of improvements to stats page & consolidation
Add Bug3479757
Clean up stats pages
Fix some HTML problems on FB home page
Fix some HTML problems on FB home page
Fix some HTML problems on FB home page
Consolidate usage stats in 2-hour intervals. Speeds up consolidation and speeds up /stats pageload.
Fix version number 
add generic types
add localization for signin_declined
generate warning when comparing incomparable values in test case, but at lower priority
get rid of some warnings being generated by Tomcat in jsp files
Add "test" task to root build file
Re-add me to team.html
add sourceforge bug
Add type qualifier test case
fix horrible stupid bug with double increment in for loop; only were checking every other parameter in backwards datadflow analysis
remove useless comment
simplify output when printing type qualifier dataflow
add some type qualifier's that were found to be missing by FindBugs
changed eclipse binaries location from user.dir to user.home
Update Maven links
Add Bug3485034.java
add test case for sourceforge bug 3484713
add test case
report compare in test case as AT_MOST_LOW rather than FALSE_POSITIVE
broke out test cases a little
determine field accessor methods
determine field accessor methods
determine field accessor methods
adjust priorities so we report comparing incompatible types in test methods
Only call isStraightGenericMap for instances of type Map
decrease bug rank of 
bug rank tweak for bad check for odd
add test case
Remove circular dependency 
Clean up ant build files 
Update eclipse version number 
Create TQ_COMPARING_VALUES_WITH_INCOMPATIBLE_TYPE_QUALIFIERS bug pattern; previous reported as TESTING  
add lib/JGoogleAnalytics_0.4.jar 
reformat, get rid of tab
get rid of dead local store
Use English locale when using SimpleDateFormat in a bunch of cases
Update messages_ja.xml
Add Bug3495042.java
fix multitheading bug 3500414
add reported bugs and annotations about expected warnings
Fix broken build - uncommitted changes in UpdateChecker
add test case
Initial commit of new update check server code. Now has "channels" - stable, beta, dev, RC.
Little fix to update upload code
add test cases for sf bug reports
new detector, bug pattern and test cases for issue reported as sf bug 3502202
we hadn't actually been checking expected warnings on fields.  Added that functionality, and fixed issues that arose when we did
fix tabs
fix possible NPE in TestingGround
more work on the elvis detector
fix inconsistent synchronization
update ant version
add test case for issue reported to sourceforge
ensure that field and method descriptors are distinct and never equal
findbugs now correctly reports a warning on this, so we can remove it.
complete redo of analysis for SI_INSTANCE_BEFORE_FINALS_ASSIGNED
add additional test case
Fix failing tests in usage report tests
Create what could be called an update flowchart. Now users of RC's will see stable releases as well as new RC's. Users of beta versions will see beta+RC+stable. Alpha will see alpha+beta+rc+stable. Dev will see dev+alpha+beta+rc+stable.
Fix failing local cloud server tests
Fix typo in manual
Fix web cloud issue sync test. Had to do with new "declined" SigninState
Add findbugs.ico thanks to Brian Jester
Fix a broken link in a bug description by redirecting to archive.org :)
Update test case to show the problem is that we don't track the return value of unknown methods that happen to return a Connection
add pointers to preferred 305 annotations
Fix for bug 3504030 (NPE if the project classpath is broken)
fix NPE that occurs when using effort:min
make sure we test with different effort levels
allow all effort levels to be specified through ant task
use name matcher for signatures, allow method filters to specify return type but not arguments
fix for sf bug 3515070
make appropriate attributes required
Only show sortables that we can actually create filters for
fix sourceforge bug 3514590  Filter files should have a DTD or XML Schema to conform to
Don't doublecount duplicate errors
Always do INTERATIVE_OPCODE_STACK_ANALYSIS Turning it off just slows us down and adds a lot of inaccuracy
register with the correct cloud
add SigninState.DISCONNECTED
add SigninState.DISCONNECTED
added documentation about using filesets in FindBugs ant task
give better error messages when we can't read the provided file
add suggestions for alternatives to deprecated annotations
Provide sample XML files for validation 
Correctly mark no-constant values for string builders/buffers passed to various methods that might mutate them.  
Add more bug test cases 
fix sfBug 3479234
add test case
Avoid circularity in cloud initialization 
add some additional checks for cloud initialization 
allow plugins to specify parentid, and load classes contained in that parent plugin
renamed findbugsCommunalCloud to webCloudClient 
ensure we close the reader
build webCloudClient 
Provide just the generic implementation, actual Clouds 
OK, we now just reference code loaded by the webCloudClient 
Make sure we build scrips 
add some assertions to get rid of some useless warnings
remove useless javadoc
Only report issues with rank 1-14 
Add back in findbugsCommunalCloud 
Make sure we install the webCloudClient 
make Java 1.5 compatible
Update checkstyle target 
 no test targets in findbugsCommunalCloud Add ant to auxclasspath for findbugscheck  
Build at all effort levels 
add MS_SHOULD_BE_REFACTORED_TO_BE_FINAL 
update expected warnings
Update eclipse .project files 
fix bug 2940823 
2.0.1-rc1 
Allow to work on Eclipse 3.5+ only. The source is not compatible with Eclipse 3.3/3.4 since 2.0.0 anymore.
Remove Eclipse 3.3 / 3.4 compatibility hacks. The source is not compatible with Eclipse 3.3/3.4 since 2.0.0 anymore.
not release candidate
fix for bug 3520549
updated japanese message list Bug 3516048
Don't print an exception to stderr unless assertions are enabled.
add some annotations
add annotations
Lots of tweaks to bad cast checking code
add various annotations
broke out BC_UNCONFIRMED_CAST_OF_RETURN_VALUE as a separate bug pattern
Fixed compiler error if compiling with 1.7 JDK (private fields of a generic type are not accessible in 1.7).
Make sure we add the webCloudClient.jar to the plug directory 
fix for sfBug 3523500
add checks/assertions to address sfBug 3504420
ready for rc2
If we can't load a plugin due to a circularity issue, just don't load it.
Update messages, applying patch from sfBug 3526068  -This line, and those below, will be ignored--  M    messages_ja.xml 
not RC2 at the moment.
try to fix some FP warnings related to comparisons using == that are later followed by .equals calls.
If we can't load a plugin due to a plugin dependency, list the available plugins.
fix for sfBug 3528792 If annotations are added to a field or method after we've starting resolving type qualifier annotations, recompute all of them.
get rid of unused variable
suppress warnings about unsafe casts to genertic types
add testcase for bug report
clean up FB warnings
test case and fix for sf bug 3529616
Fixed divide by zero if there were no classes to analyze
fix http://http://
Latest update of messages_ja.xml 
add test cases for sf issues
fix sf bug 3536759, and make this be an assertion error if assertions are enabled.
slightly different tweak on handling problems that come up while loading main methods If we don't have an analysis context when an error is logged, throw an AssertionError is assertions are enabled, otherwise print a warning to standard error.
apply patch for sf bug 3538042
fix xml for dis command
bump confidence of RCN_REDUNDANT_NULLCHECK_OF_NONNULL_VALUE to fix RFE 3531161
add some more error checking
another explicit NP check
more debugging
handle situation with plugin components not being loaded if we have no analysis
Don't complain about do being able to find bug type MISSING
OK, web cloud tests use both MISSING and FOUND as bug types... sigh.... Accomodate both
Allow an analysis context to be set up for testing purposes
decrease confidence if the unreachable branch for a RCN is to throw an exception
more tweaks to dealing with exceptions when there is no context.
update guava version
don't report RCN involving values believed to be nonnull because they come from parameters that were annotations as @Nonnull.
remove dead code identified by findbugs
remove dead code identified by findbugs
fix classpath
Update dictionary 
Use getter function for FindBugs.noAnalysis, rather than direct access Add FindBugs.noMains, to prevent loading of FindBugs main classes
don't load findbugsMain classes for eclipse plugin
give explanation as to why this is being logged
add uncaught exception handler for background threads
simplify logic 
Updates to handle various issues with threading Update got managed due to eclipse being stupid about svn synchronization 
Various changes to web cloud client 
remove debugging code
remove debugging code
Patch from George Thomas ( shoemortgage): browser cannot render generated HTML - ID: 3540341
getting ready for final release of 2.0.1
fix for missing ES_COMPARING_STRINGS_WITH_EQ in Bug1744457
reclassify as RFE
some more annotations about expected/unexpected warnings
add changelist for 2.0.1
fix dependence on 1.6 jdk
guard against NPE and index out of bound exceptions
2.0.1-rc4
fix problem in redo analysis in FB GUI
2.0.1 release
move to 2.0.2-dev 
update bundle version to 2.0.2
Give both class name and method name in error message
fix bug with unreachable code causing analysis exception SourceForge bug 3545333
update Eclipse plugin version number to 2.0.2
Possible fix for 3560636 - we should use mutex rule for analysis only.	 
Added mercurial tag for 2.0.1 release
Fixed unconditional debug printouts for OpcodeStackScanner: use "oss.debug" property to enable it. 
add test cases from source forge
add annotations showing expected warnings
test case checking that boxing/unboxing is treated as  type qualified identity  for types other than Integer. 
Treat boxing/unboxing as type qualified identity for types other than Integer. 
Add test case for issue reported via sourceforge
test case and partial fix for source forge bug 3561466
fix bugs in NP_NONNULL_FIELD_NOT_INITIALIZED_IN_CONSTRUCTOR
add test cases
If we can't find a resource, log it as an analysis error and continue; cope with sourceforge issue 3562166
add test code; no known issues
added nullness annotations that BigInteger static instances are nonnull
remove debugging code
fix for Bug3552708
clean up some bad style found by findbugs
apply patch from bug 3553695
Update command description 
Updated references to point to Eclipse 3.6 as minimum platform version.
Added eclipse nullable annotation (introduced with Eclipse 3.8)
Fixed bug found by FindBugs (present since ever)
Make sure that we see the libraries from findbugs core project if we are debugging eclipse from eclipse
Added eclipse nonnull and nonnullbydefault annotations (introduced with Eclipse 3.8)
Do some code cleanup on save, show little bit more compiler warnings
Allow loading javax.annotation's from our own classpath - in case we analyze projects using 3rd party nullness annotations (which do not have jsr305 classes on their classpath)
Work in progress: added most common Eclipse API methods known to usually return null values (via javadoc contract).  Need to fine tune it and sort out most noisy methods.
workspace root is always available
Cleaned up many noisy Eclipse methods.
svn ignore for "optionalPlugin"
Fix NPE reported by Patrick Baggett on loading project files with enabled cloud.
Removed some more noise
Performance regression in 2.0: Class.isAnnotationPresent() call in OpcodeStack costs 8% of performance according to YourKit
Increased ticks for second path to show more realistic progress
Show total bugs in the console
Fixed FB warnings
test case for Bug3580266
fix for bug 3586696
add test cases for BX_UNBOXING_IMMEDIATELY_REBOXED, based on discussion on email list
fix for bug 3575269
fix for null pointer warnings
fix for Bug3560970
improve bug description
add test case for Bug3584224 
Add annotations to document some changes between 2.0.1 and 2.0.2
Added sources for ASM 3.3 (to see the javadocs and for better debugging)
Fix for bug 3587233 (RuntimeException logged on union results task)
Get rid of silly JDT warnings. They can be usable only with Eclipse 3.9 (planned inheritance of annotations used for compiler NPE analysis).
Code cleanup. Moved fields to top, removed unused "synced" field, void comments and fixed visible comparator constructor
apply patch for sf RFE3547946
discuss false positives for SF_SWITCH_NO_DEFAULT
debugging output change
add test case for SF Bug3587164
apply patch for nullness annotations on vararg parameters. Still not sure about this.
added some annotations about expected warnings
Tuning on false fositives
get rid of unused field
add some generic types
if something is both a derefence of a return value and a guaranteed dereference, report it as a dereference of a return value.
Tuning on false fositives
Better fix for proper job scheduling, as proposed in https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=393748
Unneeded cleanup of interrupted status which is cleaned up by catching the InterruptedException itself
Support early cancellation
fix for bug 3587233
fix bug 3588379
clean out unused fields
fix issue in unrelated generic type warnings, found in Ninja Monkey Coders project
provide different msg for warnings about toString on arrays
fix expected warning
type qualifiers just don't apply to varargs parameters
add findbugscheck target
add override annotations
reorder classpath entries
update appengine version
update appengine version
Update 
microfixes
getting ready for 2.0.2-rc1
fix java version compatibility
add test cases
not rc1 anymore
update japanese messages (sf bug 3589140)
allow tests to run if we can't find findbugsTestCases (give warning if we can't find them) allow home for findbugsTestCases to be specified in local.properties fix sf bug 3588934
Allow to specify rank 20 via command line, use VISIBLE_RANK_* constants instead of hard coded values
Do not allow to specify rank 0 via Eclipse UI,  use VISIBLE_RANK_* constants instead of hard coded values
add test case for bug
Allow plugins be loaded from "exploded jar" directories (e.g. while debugging 3rd party FB plugin projects in Eclipse without packaging them to jars at all)
Just code cleanup, no logic change
fix for bug 3589328 When looking for direct annotations, check methods bridged to.
log an analysis error if we report a bug on a synthetic method
If bug found in synthetic method, decrease confidence.
Fix for bug 3590380 (minimum supported Eclipse version is 3.6)
Added linkt to Eclipse plugin demo on youtube 
Fixed some invalid html constructs
fixed some html structure errors like wrong nested tags, not closed or not opened tags, invalid tags etc
Added html 4 loose doctype definition
more html fixes
More html erros fixes, updated Eclipse FAQ content
more html fixes
more html fixes
tweaks to foundInSyntheticMethod
lower confidence even more for issues in synthetic methods
update test cases
Fixed broken variable definition
changed OverridingEqualsNotSymmetrical to NOT implement NonReportingDetector, as it reports bugs
added build artefacts to svn ignore
Report unexpected warnings if @ExpectWarning.num is not the default "1" value *and* smaller as observed
get rid of some generic type warnings
clean up warnings caused by type qualifiers
provide access to information about accessor methods for fields
make vna.trace imply vna.debug
if parameter has an annotation, it isn't an identity function for purposes of strict type qualifiers
If we get a value from a field access method, mark it as coming from a field rather than a method
define new bug pattern for strict type qualifiers: TQ_UNKNOWN_VALUE_USED_WHERE_ALWAYS_STRICTLY_REQUIRED make various ways to compute values as having unknown type qualifier status (rather than TOP).
fix type qualifier for slashed class names; null can be either slashed or dotted
handle ldc2_w instruction
check generic types in order
default num for NoWarning annotations should be 0
for static initializer methods, list class name in method name
update test cases
change list for 2.0.2
remove duplicated change log entries
reformat
getting ready for 2.0.2-rc2
not 2.0.2-rc2
fix some generics warnings 
turn runtime checks into assertions 
get rid of unused field
inline field getter access methods
roll this back
handle setter access methods as well
Provide better error msg 
OK, still not right
OK, think we have inlining of field accessor methods working now
inlining of access methods fixes this false positive
performance tuning
add pointer to change log
change check for ICAST_BAD_SHIFT_AMOUNT to allow for negative shifts in the range -31 to -1.
annotate expected warnings
performance tuning
Don't commit build directories 
added build artefacts to svn ignore
fix IO.readAll for case where input stream is longer than expected.
mark warning expectations
update change log
update version number to 2.0.2
Added mercurial tag for 2.0.2 release
start work on 2.0.3
Only formatting
Fix for failing test cases (async execution of jobs and missing project preferences)
Fixed test not waiting enough for the UI refresh on bug explorer
Added cross links for ranks, confidence and priorities
Updated classpath and manifest (for better debugging)
Another test fix for unstable properties tests
Make sure we indicate 3.6.0 Eclipse as minimum in the features
Allow FB plugins depending on FB Eclipse plugin see/reuse all public FB API and also public API we depend on (ASM etc).
No need in explicit import
Fixed test failure if FB project path contains space
Updated FB settings
Fix for bug 3598482: report impossible instanceof bug only if types are not equal
Updated Eclipse settings
Just warnings cleanup
Do not use blue icon (too intense color), fixed redundant marker annotation types
Fixed compiler / FB warnings
Fixed compiler / FB warnings
Use exiting code
Show first rank, then confidence
removed unneeded placeholders
New extra icons for confidence, new icon for rank "of concern"
Initiated as a fix for stack overflow in BugGroup.equals(). A long needed cleanup of "priority to bug rank" refactoring in 2.0.0. Cleaner UI separation of confidence vs rank. Different icons for rank and confidence, consistent icons for annotations in editor ruler and bug elements in bug explorer.
Some code cleanup and changes for default group actions
Simply replaced "assert" with Assert.*. No one runs Eclipse with assertions enabled.
Code cleanup (avoid using system.err if possible, better log or throw)
Added FB Run/Clear menu on Class/Package groups in the Bug Explorer view
Extended RE_POSSIBLE_UNINTENDED_PATTERN that it also warns about use of a single pipe '|' character, like: "ab|cd".replaceAll("|", "/") which will return "/a/b/|/c/d/" and "ab|cd".split("|") which will return array with six (!) elements: [, a, b, |, c, d]
Unmark as non-reporting, as this one reports bugs.
Reporting detectors are not implementing TrainingDetector neither NonReportingDetector. FirstPassDetectors can report bugs.
small cleanup, just testing git<->svn
Fixing commit to the wrong branch
Next attempt to do git
Short readme for Git hacking on FB
Fixed classpath pointing to not existing JSR305-ri project
Fixed git ignores again
Sorted entries in git ignore
Consistency: fixed to capital letters on the beginning of description
Propose static imports
Little bit more javadoc for prio vs confidence
Typo fix, see bug 3599188
More UI experiments for Confidence vs Rank vs Priority.
Use the known constant value
Added Eclipse 3.8.1 target platform
Quick fix for bug 3599258 (Random obscure Eclipse failures during analysis)
Code cleanup, no logic change expected
Marked expected IS2_INCONSISTENT_SYNC warnings in existing test cases
Some test cases polishing. Added annotation DetectorUnderTest to have a link between detector classes and related test cases (easy to find/navigate).
Some test cases polishing. Running test on both javac/ecj generated code.
Some test cases polishing. Running test on both javac/ecj generated code.
Patch 2888792 from Andrey Pavlenko: Support of the javax.annotation.concurrent.* annotations
NPE fix
Applied wrong annotation
Cleaned up warnings, no logic change.
Do not report analysis error if generic signature is too complex for FB analysis. It's not an error and only makes build results scary.
Updated tests for patch 2888792: javax.annotation.concurrent.* annotations
Updated messages for patch 2888792: javax.annotation.concurrent.* annotations
Bug fix: IS_FIELD_NOT_GUARDED was never reported, as GuardedBy("this") annotation was never properly read.
Just added echo what's going on
Moved expectations to the right place
Follow up on patch 1195337: report IT_NO_SUCH_ELEMENT also for overridden versions of the Iterator.next() method (with different signature as default one due different return type).
No logic change, just code cleanup
Just marked as deprecated (as all FB NPE code is now using JSR305 style annotations, see TypeQualifierApplications etc)
Better support for org.eclipse.jdt.annotation.Nullable and org.eclipse.jdt.annotation.NonNullByDefault.
Should match java.util.Objects.requireNonNull(Object) and org.eclipse.core.runtime.Assert.isNotNull(Object) too
Fixed static flag on com.google.common.base.Preconditions calls, added java.util.Objects.requireNonNull() signatures from JDK 7
Check expected warnings also on class itself
Some smaller tweaks
Applied (refactored) patch 2833479 "Nullness requirement relaxation detector" from Alessandro Nistico.  This adds CheckRelaxingNullnessAnnotation detector with two new NP bug warnings: NP_METHOD_PARAMETER_RELAXING_ANNOTATION and NP_METHOD_RETURN_RELAXING_ANNOTATION.  This detector checks that overriding methods do not relax @Nonnull (made @CheckForNull) on return values or @CheckForNull (made @Nonnull) on parameters. Detector supports both old FB/new JSR305 annotation namespaces.  The missing piece (not a show stopper) is to add similar checks for contract violations done on a class/package level by applying default annotations (which may conflict with contract of parent classes). Such violations should be reported on class level IMHO.
Fix 1.6 dependency 
Allow multiple detectors
Fix for bug 3600398 
Add testcase 
add threadsafe declaration 
Disable cron jobs 
Disaable ConsolidatorServlet 
Update library 
update to new test environment
Updating library 
Warning cleanup 
Build with 1.6 target 
Version 2 of app 
Update preferences 
Updates  
Job semaphore tweaking
Added javadoc
bug 3601018: fix for race conditions while running multiple FB jobs in the same VM. Converted static maps to usual fields and added lazy loading for all regular maps.
remove unreachable code 
Fix source forge bug 3599765  
If method name starts with close, treat parameters as if annotation with @WillClose  
If we don't find any classes to analyze, don't augment the auxliary class path 
 Don't use both emitLine and a Logger in TextUIBugReporter  Emit a blank line after emitted queued errors for TextUIBugReporter  If analysis throws an exception, report queued errors 
Change priority based on annotation 
Change NP_METHOD_*_RELAXING_ANNOTATION warnings from CORRECTNESS to STYLE 
unimplemented test case 
Add baseline findbugs check 
Fixed NPE clicking in debugger left ruler while debugging classes not existing on the classpath (debugger configured to show extra source for class files outside workspace)
Fixed long existing issue (since 2.0.0) with enabling/disabling of external plugins in Eclipse. Properly save/restore the plugin enablement state, properly redisplay markers, remove or ignore bugs from not enabled plugins.
Fixed new incompatibility with Eclipse 3.6 (bad Javadoc for InstanceScope.INSTANCE which claims to exist since 3.4 but doesn't even exist in 3.6).
fix sfbug 3600126 If the DoNothing cloud is enabled, give better messages if they try to change the designation of a bug.
Better fix for sfBug 3601018 Make sure we don't store analysis specific data in static fields. rollback of r14674
Better fix for sfBug 3601018 Make sure we don't store analysis specific data in static fields. rollback of r14674
disable EmptyZipFileEntry; it isn't a very good detector
make bug reporter final
add springframework to libraries
add springframework to libraries
add testcases
add test case for bug 3598793
fix for bug 3598793 If check for ClassCastException, don't report unconfirmed cast warnings
Add maven master build pom
Add Maven build files
Add GPG plugin as required for the Sonatype repository
fix findbugs issues
temporarily generate some additional debugging info
more testing
Correctly compute findbugs.home when running out of fb-trunk/eclipsePlugin
name plugin when we can't find a resource
If performAccumulation is false, still wait until reportAccumulatedBugs is called to actually report bugs
Clean up debugging code bail as soon as we see that a logger has escaped or been imported
provide -dontCombineWarnings command line option
If we get a file not found error, we don't need to give the entire stack trace
redid validation security manager
add test case for lost logger fp
fix bug for nonterminating dataflow analysis caused by inappropriate merging of exception sets
don't report IA_AMBIGUOUS_INVOCATION_OF_INHERITED_OR_OUTER_METHOD on synthetic methods
fix bug in iterative opcode stack analysis
emergency fix for breakage
fix problems with iterative opcode analysis
up iteration limit
Only log if iterations more than 20
fix attribution of return value for values initialized by constructors
check for self comparison with methods such as endsWith
add called_method annotations to self comparisons
 Handle nonnegative value being converted to short  
Added 3.8.2 to target platforms
Possible fix for "SWTException: Widget is disposed" if analysis removes few bugs selected in explorer
add errorprone ant target
don't make variable declarations final on save
errorprone cleanup; mostly removing unneeded ;
update findbugs prefs
errorprone cleanup; mostly removing unneeded ;
Add errorprone test cases  
Updates 
Add clean to errorprone dependencies  
fix problems caused by introduction of redundant null checks added by java 7 try resource blocks
fix bug in findbugs found by findbugs
Fix for wrong resolved relative plugin paths, as reported in http://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1166/
Added "-userPrefs" option for ant task and text UI, to allow a re-use of the FindBugs user settings.   Work in progress (need to document or implement proper option ordering. Specifying "-userPrefs" option as first argument would mean some later options will override them, as last argument would mean they will override some previous options).
Add nullness annotations
fix findbugs warnings about redundant null checks
provide method to get the bug code for a bug pattern
added getCWEid to BugInstance add cweid to xml for bug instance of messages enabled.
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
New Maven build is an Uber Jar
make weird, funky code unreachable
Fix for https://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1178/: by enabling project specific settings always use *project* store
make it easier to enumerate the parameter signatures
code simplification
don't show unknown even for strict qualifiers; too much noise
fix getEntryValueForParameter
include a dump of value number analysis
more test cases
fix bug #1182 Spelling mistake in description of poweruser.jar. 
Deleting nbproject files, as per #1180 Delete nbproject/ https://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1180/
provide a way to get the constant value
add test cases from bug reports
Add test case; could not reproduce false positive report
update description
update to japanese messages (bug 1171)
Fix typo 
#1188 fix Japanese messages
#1164 UI resize anomaly
#1149 IA_AMBIGUOUS_INVOCATION_OF_INHERITED_OR_OUTER_METHOD false positive
bug updates
add test case
False positive 
correct test case
add test cases
handle jdk7 catch blocks with multiple exceptions
fix for bug 1190
Patch from from Keith Amling for SF issue 1199: Mistaken bridge detection in ClassInfo http://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1199/
Fix license to be GPL  
Fix auxclasspath 
Remove local properties file 
Add test case  
Fix bug 1194
fix bug 1196: XML error in exception file completely disables filtering?  
Fix bug 1197
fix inner class detector for ecj code; issue now reported in code compiled using Eclipse
candidate fix for Bug 1195
make FB warnings scary
Update Japanese messages http://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1193/  
Add test cases for silly boxed usage  
Tweaks to detection of silly boxed usage. List called method and recommended method in bug annotations  
Add new bug pattern DM_BOXED_PRIMITIVE_FOR_PARSING 
Make output optional  
Don't make dataflow non-intermination an assertion failure, just a dataflow analysis exception  
Use MethodAnnotation.SHOULD_CALL rather than METHOD_PREFERRED  
Add debugging code for when we return a null child  
comment this detector as being disabled  
lower priority if volatile  
Work on change log  
Import annotations  
Print out unexpected or missing warnings 
Update annotations about expected warnings  
Convert old int style enum into java 5 enum  
Scan directly specified directories  
Turn off automatic running of FindBugs  
Fix license issue  
If a directory is specified on the aux classpath, look for jar files in that directory  
Turn off options for baseline  
add SystemServiceServlet 
Make as Nullable rather than CheckForNull  
fix findbugs warning  
Fix stupid bug found by FindBugs  
Change rules about when zip files are opened.  
Remove .cvsignore files  
Show more debugging information 
Tweaks to logging 
Skip duplication code bases 
Add a bunch more debugging code  
Filter bugs marked as harmless  
Add dependency on clean  
Update to recent version of svnant  
Add svn version to plugin qualifier 
Update to svnant 1.4 
Work on Eclipse hang 
More work on type qualifier validators  
turn off debugging 
Fix FindBugs warning 
Turn automatic running of FindBugs back on Show of concern issues as Info, not Warning  
Don't complain about incompatible equality comparisons if the result is being passed to assertFalse  
Update deprecation javadoc  
More deprecation comments  
Javadoc fixes  
Tweaks to eclipse Java preferences 
Updated some regression tests 
Report bugs after visiting each method  
If called method available, add it after field annotation  
add new testcase List expected number of warnings 
Update ignored files  
Use ZipFileCodeBase when possible. Assume that if the ZipFile implementation can't handle the number of entries it will throw an exception  
Cleanup 
Simplify logic 
Add fb errors command to list errors  
Make problems with findbugs.urlRewritePattern and findbugs.urlRewriteFormat into fatal problems, rather than something that gets silently ignored.  Fix #1203 Crash with wrong URL Rewrite Format  
Various tweaks to classloading and security manager when doing JSR305 type qualifier validation. Don't try to use type qualifier validation in Eclipse.  
Update change log 
Use StackMapAttribute, if available, to compute Jump info 
Add new bug sample 
Fixed problem with redo analysis menu option not working  
Allow detectors that implement FirstPassDetector to run in the first pass 
Add debug code 
Add test case 
Add debugging code 
OpcodeStack tweaks  
Change list update 
Add some descriptions and dependences 
fix jdk6 dependency 
Updated StackMapAnalyzer to use analysis factory 
get rid of duplcate jump stack merging  
Fix memory retention 
Advance generations during second pass 
Be consistent about checking both access flags and attributes to see what is synthetic  
Catch Unreachable code exception, only complain if assertions enabled  
If we don't have an output object, don't say we are writing to null; too confusing  
More work on checking attributes for synthetic elements  
Remove properties that are tied to specific installations  
Update jsr305.jar 
Add new test case 
Change default target to site  
Update to latest version of YourKit profiler api 
Add the ability to save filtered output as HTML from GUI  
More updates for saving to HTML from GUI  
Add fixes for false positives  
Note back branches seen in tableswitch instructions  
Update messages #1205 Update Japanese messages 
If we see a call to a method that requires a parameter be nonnull, mark the parameter as being nonnull. 
Clean up debugging code, fix FindBugs warning  
fix #1157 Cannot disable noUpdateChecks plugin 
Update commons-lang to 2.6, jaxen to 1.1.6 Resolve #1186 Update dependency libraries  
Finish updating library versions  
Update library dependences in manifests  
Add annotations about expected warnings  
Update svn:ignore 
Fix bugs in save type 
Add new test code  
Update commons-lang to 2.6, jaxen to 1.1.6 in Eclipse plugin
Documented "-userPrefs" option for text UI. See http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=14735
Documented "-userPrefs" option for ant UI. See http://code.google.com/p/findbugs/source/detail?r=14735
 More accurate tracking of field values, including invalidation when a field is stored. Keep track of pc where values were created more consistently    
Remove some false positives due to cloning lower priority if fields not loaded near each other  
Simplify TestingGround to be simple opcode stack printer   
New bug regression tests  
Update library version numbers  
Fix dump to standard out 
Add some more checks  
Updated Eclipse plugin demo link.
Fixed jaxen version.
Add description to parameters  
Rename NP_METHOD_PARAMETER_RELAXING_ANNOTATION to NP_METHOD_PARAMETER_TIGHTENS_ANNOTATION 
Rename NP_METHOD_PARAMETER_RELAXING_ANNOTATION to NP_METHOD_PARAMETER_TIGHTENS_ANNOTATION Add local variable annotation for parameter  
Add findFirstSuperMethod 
Add method to determine if a method has any method parameters  
start taking into account that Analysis.FIND_EFFECTIVE_RELEVANT_QUALIFIERS is always true 
Use fields rather than string constants  
Add some additional utility methods  
Start phasing out deprecated code 
Add method to determine if there are any annotations on method parameters  
mostly changing SuppressWarnings to SuppressFBWarnings  
Fix 1.6 dependency 
Turn off debugging  
Bug updates  
New bug samples 
Update bug sample  
Add more information to TESTING bug reports  
Add more information to TESTING bug  
Guard against NPE when xfield operation is not known. 
Clean out TestingGround 2. Warning for new BigDecimal(double) has graduated.  
Fix problem with doNotUpdate plugin in GUI  
Add version of getSizeOfSurroundingTryBlock where we supply a class rather than a String 
Remove some false positives 
Add to list of warnings reported by FindRefComparison 
Update annotations 
Fix typo in javadoc 
fix findbugs warning 
Add more guards against false positives 
Bug fix 
Added Eclipse 4.3.1 platform definition (latest stable version).  To use such platform definition in Eclipse:  1 Unpack Eclipse 4.3.1 to /opt/java/eclipse_4.3.1_template directory 2 cd /opt/java/eclipse_4.3.1_template 3 sudo chown -R root:users . 4 sudo chmod -R g-w . 5 mkdir ~/bin/Eclipse4.3.1 6 cd ~/bin/Eclipse4.3.1 7 ln -s /opt/java/eclipse_4.3.1_template/plugins 8 Eclipse: Window->Preferences->Plugin Development->Target Platform
Updated target to fix "java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: PermGen space"
Added launcher for debugging
Always decouple FB job from compiler
There is no junit4 package in 4.3
Use sources from project
Use LOW_PRIORITY for dumb methods usage. See https://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1210/
Set target to Java 1.6
Attempt to fix https://sourceforge.net/p/findbugs/bugs/1213/. Discard selection (if any) before refreshing content.
Fix naming of first analysis when using only the last N analysis files  
Fix some problems with opcode stack analsis 
Analysis tweaks  
Fix warnings  
Store fewer JavaClass and FBClassReader objects  
More sample bugs  
Do GC before collecting snapshot  
Save memory 
Add task name to findbugs output 
Clean up class files  
Use standard naming for eclipse class files 
List bugs  
Fix compiler warnings Add cloud methods to timeout when waiting for cloud synchronization Change command-line filter command to only wait 20 seconds for timeout.  
Changed filter to wait longer, but only after generating a response 
check Signin status in Filter action 
Do checks on antTask code 
Updates for IntelliJ 
Add waits with timeouts  
And waits with timeouts  
Update benchmarks; add more annotations 
Allow benchmarks to be build with ant 
Remove accidental commit 
Clean more sub projects 
Fix bug 1219  
Add bug pattern for DLS_DEAD_LOCAL_INCREMENT_IN_RETURN 
Update expected warnings  
Add bug test case 
Add test case for when interfaces do have concrete implementations  
Reorder statements to improve efficiency 
2.0.3-rc1 
Post 2.0.3-rc1  
Fixed launch config to always clear config area
Make sure we don't miss "low" confidence warnings
Organize imports 
Add svn number to eclipse download names 
Fix tabs 
define FINDBUGS_SVN_REVISION 
Fixed ant argument help
add annotations about expected warnings  
More test cases  
When we cast a primitive value, don't remember the source of the value 
Provide a command line option to turn on debugging 
Fix Java 1.6 dependency 
Fix some annotation mis-placements 
fix bug 1223  I'd suggest to add default NonNull annotation to the following methods: org.w3c.dom.Element.getAttribute(String) org.w3c.dom.Element.getAttributeNS(String, String) Both of them return an empty string if the attribute is missing, but some programmers don't bother reading documentation and compare the result with null.   
Fix bug 1224 
Fix bug 1212 
fix bug 1222  
Fix for false positives of UMAC_UNCALLABLE_METHOD_OF_ANONYMOUS_CLASS in Android code base due to stub classes 
Update version numbers in manifests 
Update jFormatString 
Update libraries 
add @Deprecated 
Add some debugging code 
Use static SecureRandom 
Documentation updates 
Update code; get ready to separate cloud and update services 
Getting ready to move to separate cloud and update services 
Handle extra parameter 
update japanese messages 

Verify some format string issues relating to changings in jFormatString 
Updates to documentation 
appengine update code 
Remove lib 
Updates 
Common web code 
Updates 
Move stuff out 
Updates 
Web update code 
Updated ignore 
Updates 
Remove generated file 
Remove consultidateUsage 
Add time servlet 
Update svn:ignore 
Updated ignore 
Switch to default jdk 
Update build targets 
Updates to time servlet 
Updates 
Updates 
1.5 for webCloudProtocol 
Add eclipse prefs 
Turn on experimental warnings 
Add more natures 
Updates 
2.0.3-rc2 
Add runtime flag for debugging of update checking 
TUrn off indexes compute channel 
Update download links fix eclipse download link  
Update code for checking findbugs version 
Remove indicies 
Add JSR 305 annotations 
Add count servlet 
Treat -h as a request for help 
include VERSION_BASE 
Version 2.0.3 final 
